what is northeast of NER County	0
do you know NER manager business type	0
which office does the successor of the candidate of NER belong to?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the location province of NER?	0
what is the title of The Descendant of NER	0
do you know what the battle for Successor of NER's title is	1
what is the subdivision name of the eponym of NER?	0
who is the mother of the sponsor of NER?	0
what time zone does Northwestern NER Millionaires use?	1
who is the deputy of the controller of NER?	0
what is related to The thing related to NER	0
do you know what is the battle of Election after NER	0
who wrote the author of NER	0
what is the religion of the combatant of NER	0
which timezone does the southeast of the venue that NER is held belong to?	1
what time zone does the location in the northeast of NER belong to?	1
what is the rank of the former provincial premier of Taiwan politician NER?	1
in which country is the Events in NER	0
which title does the commander of NER belong to?	0
what is the nickname of Alma mater of NER	0
who is the owner of responsible for NER	0
what is the largest city in the province where the NER is located?	0
what is the organizational model of the municipal management of the Publication event of The stadium where the NER took place	1
do you know what state the head of NER is in?	0
when is the successor of the music of NER born?	1
what lies in the south of the county that NER belongs to?	0
where did NER's election winners live?	0
what is the parent mountain of NER-related products?	0
where were the descendants of the consort of egyptian pharaoh NER born	1
what is the name of the administrative division of East of Venue for NER World Day	1
which race does the one that is influenced by NER belong to?	0
what is the seat title of the combatant of NER	0
which president does the NER's election winner serve?	0
who is the mother of the successor of the descendant of NER	1
NER, 1915, who was the leader of a general election held in Japan in 1915	0
what to broadcast after the work that made NER known	0
what city is the alma mater of Olympic skier NER?	0
who are the manufacturers of NER related products	0
what takes the place of the successor of the predecessor of NER	1
who is the Prime Minister of Election after NER	0
what is the profession of NER's parents	0
in which country is the The head of NER	0
where is the west of the county of NER seated?	1
what type of person is in charge of NER?	0
where is the stadium of the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place held?	1
what is the name of alma mater of the one that is influenced by NER	0
who is the artist who posted the creator of NER	0
what is the location of the garrsion of the sponsor of NER	0
which timezone does the birth place of the successor of NER belong to?	1
what is establishedEvent in the Countries of origin of NER	0
NER where is its location west of the city	1
who was influenced by the person named NER	0
do you know what the neighborhood of The North West of The Stadium is where the NER took place?	1
where is the alma mater of NER located?	0
who is the father of NER's children?	0
which dynasty is the predecessor of the title of NER born?	1
what is the level of management at Northeast of Northwestern NER utah, united states?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of The main city of NER	0
do you know who is the leader of the Election after NER	0
what format does the parent of NER belong to?	0
where did NER's election winner's voters come from?	0
do you know who was the NER Candidate Name Data before	1
NER, the 2002 edition of the Davis Cup World Group, which time zone the location in the southeastern part of the venue belongs to	1
do you know who will be the next self-titled NER	0
where does the northeast of the city that NER lives in belong to?	1
who is the predecessor of the children of NER?	0
who is the sponsor of NER?	0
who is the mother of The ruler of NER	0
which family does NER belong to's related products?	0
who was the Election after NER before	0
what is the canton of the west of the location of NER	1
which timezone does the southwest of the northwest of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
what is the timezong of the southwest of the north of NER utah, united states?	1
what is the currency of the country that is affected by NER?	0
do you know what currency is used in Master of NER	0
what area is the eastern part of NER's venue?	1
which timezone does the south of the place that NER takes place belong to?	1
what is the level of management at Northeast of Northwestern NER	1
who is the mother of people, things and things with the same name as NER	0
Medieval feudal state, who was the spouse of the leader of the NER circa 939-1547	0
what is the other name that the alma mater of NER is known as?	0
what is the alma mater of NER's parents	0
what religion does NER Country believe in?	0
which title does the event happened in NER belong to?	0
which title does the client of NER own?	0
what state is NER's alma mater in?	0
NER, Utah, United States A city in Summit County, Utah what is the time zone of the location in the southwest of the location in the north	1
what is the name of the province in the northern county of NER?	0
which timezone does NER belong to's southern region?	0
who are the children of NER's election winner?	0
who is the deputy of the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know what the label of NER's name is?	0
where is the venue of the tenant of NER's venue?	1
do you know who is on the NER Spouse title	1
what is the language of the location province of NER	0
what is the legislature of the country that uses NER?	0
what is the job of the artist who sings for NER?	0
which dynasty is the origin of NER born's name?	0
Was used to name NER whose children are the people	0
do you know who is the leader of the Eastern NER location	1
which division does the largest city in NER belong to?	0
which religion do NER generals believe in?	0
what is the religion of the combatant of NER?	0
who is the female parent of the children of NER?	0
what is the alma mater of the host of the one that NER comes from?	1
do you know that before NER's descendant is?	0
Participate in NER, Alex Johnson's album, what instruments are used by its singers	0
who is the successor for NER-related events?	0
where is the alma mater of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
who married the client of NER?	0
what is the occupation of the predecessor of the descendant of NER?	1
who is the prime minister of the leader of NER?	0
which battle is the one that is after election of NER involved?	0
NER, awarded by the Royal Society of Edinburgh, who is the founder of its sponsor	0
do you know who is the president of NER Premier Front former president of the republic of china?	1
where is the alma mater of the predecessor of the candidate of NER?	1
what is the subdivision name of the location province of NER?	0
who are the developers of NER-related products	0
where is the commander of NER born?	0
where is NER's eponymous address	0
NER, noble ID number = 235404, what is the title he played	0
what is the follow-up program to the book of Japanese manga artist NER?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the northwest of NER ponent, lleida province, spain?	0
do you know what is the management level of South Western NER utah, united states?	1
what is the house of The descendant of NER	0
do you know where the alma mater of Beside NER	0
who is the most important people of the sponsor of NER?	0
where is the commander of NER born?	0
In what language is the work of Japanese manga artist NER known?	0
where is the location of the NER Theme	0
who is the successor to the children of the ancient Egyptian queen NER?	0
which industry is the client of NER from?	0
which timezone does the city in the south of NER spain, belong to?	0
NER northern Madagascar, what time zone is used in its province	0
what is the name of NER's father (mother) father?	0
what is the common language of the controller of NER verenigde staten van amerika?	0
who is the author of Descendants of NER	0
where did Election after NER die	0
do you know where is the constituency of the West of NER location	1
who are the NER eponymous affected people	0
where does NER manager come from	0
who is NER's client's predecessor?	0
do you know who are the parents of Parents of NER	0
which country system is adopted for the location in the southwest of NER's venue?	1
what includes the name that the location of NER is named for?	1
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know what Election run agency is after NER	0
what is the club that the coach of the club that NER belongs to belongs to?	1
who rules the successor of NER?	0
NER's voter provenance label seat is what agency	1
what type of person was used to name the crater NER on Mercury	0
which division does the location north of NER's home field belong to?	1
who is the successor of NER's related products (works)?	0
what series does the head of NER belong to	0
what is the deputy of the events of the NER era called?	0
where is the capital of the people, things and things with the same name as NER located?	0
what is the legislature of the country of birth that schedules NER?	0
do you know who is the Participating NER Country Developer	0
what instruments are used by the people in the Wikimedia listing article NER	0
what is the timezong of the death place of the successor of NER?	1
what is the name of the alma mater of NER's candidate for successor?	1
which type of subdivision does the northwest of NER spain, belong to?	0
do you know what musical instrument the singer who participated in NER used	0
do you know which stadium hosts Events in NER	0
what is the nationality of the previous generation of the predecessor of the Prime Minister of Myanmar (1928-1997) NER	1
do you know what is the traditional form of the NER team?	0
what is the name of the alma mater played by NER?	0
what does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
who married the predecessor of the successor of NER	1
which type of subdivision does the south of the west of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
who is the father of NER Client	0
where is the constituency of the one that is after election of NER from?	0
what is the predecessor of NER's election winner?	0
which rank does the one who is alongside NER belong to?	0
who takes the place of the father of NER?	0
where did the father of NER die?	0
Duchess of Brittany; where is the burial place of the descendants of NER, Queen of France (1499-1524)	0
what are the types of sponsors for NER	0
what is the type of NER's principal	0
in which state is the alma mater of American football player and coach NER?	0
what titles do NER candidates' predecessors have?	1
do you know what the battle for Successor of NER's title is	1
what is the southwest of the county that NER belongs to?	0
which award is the eponym of NER given?	0
what is the south of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the country of the actual controller of NER?	0
what time zone is the Eastern location of the NER, where the college basketball season takes place?	1
what is NER's eponymous race	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of the home to NER?	1
what is the start of the country of birth of NER	0
what is the constituency of the leader of NER?	0
where NER's election winner died	0
who is the father of the leader of NER	0
do you know what is the specialty of Election after NER	0
what religion does NER country participant believe in?	0
do you know what is the predecessor of Generals of the participating NERs	0
what is the program that is after NER-related products?	0
NER where is the city of its team	0
do you know who are the descendants of Regent de La question de NER	1
do you know what is the honorary prefix of The person who affects NER	0
do you know where the NER garrison is located	0
do you know what type of team NER is	0
where is the location of NER's Alma mater	0
what dynasty is the legislature of the country to which NER belongs?	1
what type of things are related to NER?	0
what is the ending of the country that is affected by NER	0
what is the leader title of the country that is affected by NER	0
where did the leader of NER study?	0
do you know what NER Location Tenants does?	1
what area does the mayor of NER belong to?	0
what was the name of the alma mater of the man who influenced the Prussian geographer, naturalist and explorer (1769-1859) NER	0
what is connected with things related to NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the origin of NER's name?	0
what kind of company is the sponsor of NER?	0
which battle does the leader of NER take part in?	0
what is the occupation of the singer of the NER song?	0
where is the battle that NER is involved located?	0
who is the predecessor of NER related things?	0
what is the branch of The ship name of NER	0
Wikimedia list article who is the team of managers of NER club locations	1
who is the father of NER Client	0
who is the next successor of NER's next generation?	1
do you know who is the developer of NER Related Things	0
what network does the topic of NER belong to?	0
who is the successor of NER's related products?	0
which language is used in things related to NER	0
what is the zoning of the location in the northwest of the NER and the location in the northeast?	1
what are the important positions of the people occupied by the title of NER	1
where does the alma mater of NER work as a president?	0
what is the nickname of Alma mater de NER	0
what does the event involved in NER belong to?	0
what is the country of the event of the football match NER?	0
what is the northwest part of NER's county	0
do you know where is the arrondissement of West of NER location	1
what is the profession of NER Chronology	0
who is the father of The Next Term of The NER Question	1
what is the timezong of the northwest of the home to NER?	1
what dynasty belongs to the legislature of the title of a sports game NER?	1
NER's election winner's spouse	0
what is the name of the ocean to the northeast of NER's county?	0
what religion does Participating NER Country believe in?	0
do you know what is the logo of The Label of NER	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of Northwest of NER spain?	0
where does the religion of The leader of NER come from?	0
where is the capital (or capital) of the province where NER is located	0
what major is NER's election winner	0
which dynasty does the father of NER belong to?	0
NER, Wikimedia list article, what area is it located in the west of the city	1
where is the one that is after election of NER born?	0
which division does the nickname of the player NER of the Japan Football Association belong to?	0
what is the level of management in The main city of NER	0
A mountain range in the northwest of Riverside County, California, the location in the north of NER, the location in the southwest, which time zone it belongs to	1
who are the agents of the NER era	0
do you know what is the management level of South East of South of NER	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the south of the venue that NER is held?	1
who is the person named by the Nominator of The title of NER	1
who is the wife of The leader of NER	0
what is the dynasty of Generals of the participating NERs	0
where did the creator of the Kenny Clark/Francie Boland Big Band album NER originate	0
which event started the country involved in NER related events?	0
do you know who is the mentor of the NER Timeline	0
where is the alma mater of NER located?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the east of the country admin division of NER governed by indonesia?	1
NER, the US college basketball season, what is the area of the location in the south of its home field	1
what is the timezong of the west of the city that NER lives in?	1
what is the predecessor of the event of NER, one of the ten countries	0
who built the residence of the title of NER	1
where works People affected by NER	0
what is the time zone used by Southwest NER Millionaires	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the west of the city that NER lives in?	1
what is the era of the eponym of NER	0
do you know who was the Predecessor of NER's successor before	1
what titles do those who influence NER have	0
who owns the notable work of NER	0
what is the northwest of the theme of NER?	0
who owns the sponsor of NER	0
what is the author of NER	0
what lies in the west of the county that NER belongs to?	0
where is the birthplace of Election after NER	0
do you know where NER's eponymous alma mater is	0
what currency does the controller of NER use	0
who is the predecessor of NER's related products?	0
who takes the place of the children of NER?	0
who is the owner of the successor of the venue of the international football match NER?	1
what eponymous domain of NER belongs to	0
who is the monarch whose leader is The front of Name of the leader of NER	1
NER Canada, to which time zone the location in the southwest belongs to the location in the north	1
which country does the leader of NER belong to?	0
do you know the status of the Northeast NER location?	1
which Party Belongs To NER Region Life	1
which type of subdivision does the north of the birth place of NER belong to?	1
who is the successor of NER's related products?	0
NER's Election Winner Who's Child	0
do you know what religion The person who affects NER believes in?	0
who is the leader of the Cities affected by NER	0
who is the spouse of the person in NER?	0
do you know what NER's self-titled education is?	0
where does the NER election winner belong?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the east of the north of NER utah, united states?	1
do you know what is the management level of NER south	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of South East Place of NER	1
do you know what currency is used in Events in NER	0
what is the affiliation that the alma mater of NER belongs to?	0
who is the father and mother of the Afghan diplomat NER?	0
do you know which party belongs to The leader of NER	0
what is the title leader of the event that starts the location of NER?	1
what is the honorific suffix of Election after NER	0
where is the city where NER is located?	1
where is the one that is after election of NER located?	0
do you know what the area of NER County is	0
which mountain range does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
do you know where Generals of the participating NERs died?	0
what is the title of the election winner who elects NER	0
which region does the east of the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the subdivision name of the south of the venue that NER is held?	1
who is the father of the parent of NER?	0
where is the birthplace of the successor of NER	0
what is the religion of the successor of NER?	0
what is the title of the children of the spouse of NER?	1
what is the subdivision type of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what is East in NER County	0
who is the key people of the client of NER?	0
do you know who is the mother of Husband of Children of NER	1
do you know who is the predecessor of The question of Children of NER	1
which timezone does the northwest of the city that NER lives in belong to?	1
do you know who is the president of Famous works of NER	0
what is the party at the Le chef du NER, un political party in tunisia?	0
who is the leader of the Afghan politician NER whose predecessor	0
who legislates the position of NER's national team?	1
NER who is the president of the place's successor	1
who is the manufacturer of NER Things	0
do you know where is the eponymous address of NER	0
do you know where the birthplace of NER's descendant is?	0
which type of subdivision does the west of the southeast of NER belong to?	1
which nationality does the singer who participated in NER belong to?	0
who is the leader of the Front of The location of NER	1
who leads the west of the location of NER malaysia?	1
where did NER's election winner's voters come from?	0
what is the genre of the origin of NER's name?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the north of the location of NER	1
who is the successor of NER's related products?	0
which official language is used by the people, things and things with the same name as NER	0
who is the chairman of the parent of NER?	0
where does the incumbent of the title of NER live?	1
what lies on the east of the country that is affected by NER?	0
where is the area where is the Area covered by the South East of NER India?	1
where did the successor of the candidate of NER study?	1
where is the southeast of the venue that NER is held located?	1
what is the religion of the father of Monk Khan's daughter NER?	0
what titles do the creators of NER have?	0
what is the profession of the one that is after election of NER	0
do you know what is the honorary prefix of Generals of participating NERs	0
where does the origin of NER take place's name?	0
who is the leader of NER	0
what is the era of The winner of NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of The main city of NER	0
what is EstablishedEvent at NER Country	0
what is the type of person or thing related to the consequences of NER	0
do you know what time zone uses Southwest North NER california?	1
which canton does the city in the south of NER france, belong to?	0
what common language do NER participating countries communicate in?	0
who is the responsible author of NER?	0
Did you know that the common languages of the event that occurs in NER were?	0
which district does the location in the northwest of NER's venue belong to?	1
who starred in the works that make NER known?	0
what is the level of management at East of NER's location	1
who is the father of NER's client	0
where did the successor of the candidate of NER study?	1
where is the venue of the tenant of NER's venue?	1
where is the title of Host of The title of NER	1
to which dynasty the legislature where NER is used belongs	1
where are the people who made an impact on the American astronomer NER work?	0
who did a job before the incumbent of the title of NER?	1
what is the timezong of the northwest of the southwest of NER?	1
what is the battle of Team NER	0
who is the predecessor of the stadium that the national team that NER belongs to takes place?	1
what is the name of the chairman of the premier of the predecessor of NER	1
do you know what the house of Generals of the participating NERs is	0
who is the designer of NER related things	0
what time zone is the southern location of a sports car NER?	1
who does the job after the one who is alongside NER	0
what lies in the southeast of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what is the warrior of NER related events?	0
what is the leader name of the location province of NER?	0
what lies in the southeast of the county that NER belongs to?	0
NER what religion does it get its name from	0
what type of singer is involved in christina perry's album NER	0
what is the format of the title of the location of NER	1
who gives the honorific suffix of the one that is after election of NER?	0
what is the religion of the person or thing related to the NER-induced result?	0
do you know what the Legislature is in NER National Team Location	1
who is the founder of NER-related products?	0
which religion does the commander of NER belong to?	0
NER what type of client is it	0
do you know what kind of Theme from NER	0
do you know in which country is the Election after NER	0
who is the successor of the car that NER is related to?	0
what is in the charge of the one who is alongside NER?	0
what is the language that is commonly used by the war that happened in the era of NER?	0
what disease does NER's famous work cure?	0
what is the time zone used by Southwest of NER Millionaires	1
what currency is used in Events in NER, un former french colony in central africa?	0
do you know who is next to the Generals of the participating NERs	0
where is the event happened in NER located?	0
where is the birthplace of the origin of the NER name	0
what is the name of NER's client's mother?	0
who is the heir of The front of The question of NER	1
what is the common language of the Master of NER verenigde staten van amerika?	0
what is the profession of NER's name	0
which field does the parent of NER work in?	0
what instruments did the creators of NER use	0
who do the job after the leader of NER	0
what is the timezone used by South East of NER World Day Venue	1
where does The person who affects NER writer (1876-1924) work?	0
who are the tenants of The stadium where the NER national team took place	1
what is the nationality of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
what is the common language of the event that starts the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know where the sea is around the NER	0
do you know what is the eponym race of NER	0
what causes the name included in the NER?	0
what is the legislature of the flag event established by the position of the NER?	1
do you know who is the predecessor of The Front of NER's Question	1
What's before Generals of participating NERs	0
what was the dad of the man whose name was used to name the crater NER on Mercury?	0
what is in the east of the largest city of NER?	0
where is the arrondissement of The main city of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the event involved in NER/ who is the father of the event involved in NER	0
what does the parent of NER do?	0
NER which division does its home north location belong to	1
what is the type of Events in NER	0
which timezone does the southeast of the place that NER takes place belong to?	1
what is the job of the name included in the NER	0
where did the leader of NER study?	0
Whose children are the parents of the Greek mythological character NER?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Club in which East of NER is part	1
who is the title of NER's spouse now?	1
who owns the bay that NER is famous for?	0
what is the predecessor of the descendants of the Byzantine Empress (752-803) NER	0
who did a job before the leader of NER?	0
who is before the car that NER is related to?	0
what is the branch that the one that is after election of NER belongs to?	0
who is the monarch whose head is Election after NER	0
who is the agent of the leader of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of NER's father (mother)	0
NER, Wikimedia listing article, what team is the coach of its club location	1
NER, the 2004 edition of the Fed Cup World Group, where is the city located in the north of its host?	1
what is the northwest of the north of the location of NER utah, united states?	1
who honored the parent of NER?	0
what is the genre of the singer who participated in NER?	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the location of NER?	1
which event establishes the location country of NER?	0
do you know where to find the instructions from The Land of NER	0
what is the religion of the participating countries of the resistance movement NER of World War II?	0
what is the party affiliation of Wallner's candidate's predecessor?	1
which genre does the artist who sings for NER belong to?	0
where are the heirs of The father of NER	0
what is the occupation of the person whose name is in NER?	0
what is the division of the administrative center of the area to which NER belongs?	1
where did the voters for the NER's election winner come from?	0
NER, Spanish writer (1893-1936), what wars its leaders participated in	0
where is the area where people in NER are generated?	0
NER what is the zoning of its location south of the	1
who is the artist who posted the theme of NER	0
where did Generals of the participating NERs die?	0
who is the owner of Your next club The stadium where the NER took place	1
which religion does the combatant of NER belong to?	0
what is in the north of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what is the currency used in Cities affected by NER	0
NER what currency is used in the countries and territories it affects	0
from j. RR Tolkien's legendary NER leader whose predecessor was	0
where did the person whose name is used to name NER study?	0
do you know what the eastern waters of Cities affected by NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the south of the place that NER takes place?	1
where was the US Coast Guard commander NER in the war	0
what time zone does the North of NER location use	1
who is the starring role of the theme of NER	0
what happened to the person or thing related to the NER-induced result	0
where is the head of NER's era?	0
which war is included in the era of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the southeast of the home to NER	1
which country is the headquarter of the bay that NER is famous for located in?	0
where is the alma mater of the incumbent of the title of NER?	1
do you know who is the president of Election after NER	0
who is the developer of the bay that NER is famous for?	0
what is the estate of Spouse of The question of NER	1
what is the occupation of the one that is after election of NER	0
who is earlier than the predecessor of the descendant of NER?	1
what is the timezong of the southeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
who leads the location province of NER	0
who will be The Question of Husband of NER next?	1
who are the producers of NER related things	0
what is the stadium that hosted the NER South	0
do you know which party belongs to Next to NER	0
do you know what is the honorary suffix of The children of NER	0
where does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
where is the subject of NER	0
where is the graduating school from which the name NER comes from?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of the southwest of Northeast NER utah, united states?	1
who is earlier than the predecessor of the title of NER	1
what is the currency used in Master of NER	0
what is the type of the client of NER	0
which bay lies in the southwest of the county that NER belongs to?	0
where is the birthplace of the name included in the NER	0
who manufactured NER's related products?	0
do you know which is the largest city in the Cities affected by NER	0
who are the parents of the American politician NER?	0
which is the capital of the location province of NER	0
what does the country admin division of the archipelago that NER belongs to belong to?	0
what children did the NER name come from?	0
what is NER's eponymous education?	0
do you know what is the management level of The Northeast of NER Millionaires	1
what rank did NER play in?	0
The name is used to name NER and where is the country area its people belong to	0
do you know which branch Election belongs to after NER?	0
what is in the charge of the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know what is the battle of The leader of NER	0
what is northwest of NER County	0
what is the royal house of the leader of NER	0
who is the spouse of the parent of NER?	0
who is before the parent of NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the city in the south of NER?	0
where was the birthplace of the person whose name was used to name NER	0
what is the branch of the NER team	0
who are the descendants of the rulers who are descendants of the third king of Belgium, NER?	1
do you know who are the affiliates of Alma mater de NER	0
who is the spouse of the parent of NER	0
do you know who is the predecessor of The front of The successor of NER	1
what is the name of the administrative division of the North of the North-West of NER	1
do you know which league NER team will play in	0
what is the name of the chairman of NER's sponsor?	0
what does NER related things have to do with	0
which title does the person whose name is used to name NER own?	0
do you know where the name of Famous Works of NER comes from	0
who is the successor played by the Hong Kong politician NER?	0
do you know the language family of the common languages of NER user	1
what descendants were the rulers of the descendants of the dukes NER of Parma and Piacenza from 1854 to 1859	1
who is the ruler of the father of Nanming people NER?	0
NER, valide sultana, what is the previous generation of the descendants of its rulers	1
who is the President of The Head of NER	0
who is the father of the founding emperor who is the male descendant of the French king Hugh Carpet, the representative of NER	1
do you know who was the last of The leader of NER	0
where is the capital of Events in NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Southern The place of death of NER	1
do you know what the predecessor of The Descendant of NER is	0
what is the location country of the sponsor of NER?	0
which religion does the commander of NER belong to?	0
what is the time zone used by NER South	0
what is the state of the principal of NER	0
Whose predecessor did the NER name come from?	0
NER's location what area is the east location in?	1
do you know what type of The Children of the NER	0
what is the house of the successor of NER?	0
who is the father (mother) of Cambodian Princess NER?	0
which country does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the type of creator of harold bard's album NER	0
do you know what the southeast of NER's Country of Origin is	0
what state is Client of NER, un bouwwerk in new york, verenigde staten van amerika in?	0
what major is the election winner for Wall NER?	0
where is the west of the county of NER seated?	1
who is the father of the team that won NER?	0
which language is used in NER's related products?	0
in which province is the alma mater of Italian weightlifter NER?	0
what is the affiliation of Girl Scouts founder NER's fame	0
what is the name included in the NER	0
which official language is used by the people, things and things with the same name as NER?	0
do you know what time zone is in South of NER	0
who were the parents of NER before?	0
do you know what is the management level of Hometown Developer of NER	1
what is the region of the east of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the Head of the Generals of the participating NERs	0
where do NER's client come from?	0
do you know where the area of the Election is after NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the car that NER is related to?	0
do you know where NER's Heir Predecessor died?	1
what is the nationality of the one that is after election of NER?	0
which title does NER own-related event related persons?	0
NER, 2014, what is the major of the election winner of the general election held in Fiji on September 17, 2014	0
For NER, carbine c's album, what language does the singer of its performance communicate in	0
To which series does the Things related to NER belong	0
who is before the successor of the one that NER comes from?	1
do you know the status of the Northeast NER location?	1
what is the name of the predecessor of the club that NER belongs to?	1
who is the successor of NER's related products?	0
who is the king of NER's election winner	0
what type of products or works are related to Android smartphone model NER?	0
what is the name of the place on the east side of NER's county?	0
which school does the artist who sings for NER belong to?	0
where is the province of NER where the burial place of the descendants of her wife is	1
who is the last commander of NER?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Alma mater de NER	0
which religion does the successor of NER belong to?	0
who is the successor of NER's general	0
what is the name of the prime minister of NER's parents	0
who leads the country that is affected by NER	0
what is the title of the cause of NER?	0
which institution does the one that is influenced by NER physicist, engineer, and philosopher of science, work?	0
who is the successor of the descendants of NER?	0
which country does the author of NER belong to?	0
which format does the cause of NER belong to?	0
do you know who the predecessor of Beside NER is	0
in which area is the eastern part of the NER, where the college basketball season is held?	1
what is the nationality of the origin of NER's name?	0
which team does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of The south of NER's place of death	1
NER-induced results in what common language the person or thing concerned communicates with	0
who is the successor of the commander of NER	0
who is the parent of the one that is influenced by NER	0
what is the house of the father of NER	0
where is the birthplace of the father of NER?	0
who did a job before the first the title of NER?	1
who are the descendants of the leaders of the NER?	0
what is the largest city of the location province of NER?	0
what is the party of the one that is after election of NER	0
what is the zip code of the location northwest of NER's home	1
where is the caption of the location country of NER?	0
what is the name of NER's sponsor's mother?	0
where is the place where the descendants of the persian king NER died	0
who directed the theme of NER?	0
what is the language family of Common User Languages of NER	1
do you know who is the manager of Tenants of The stadium where the NER took place for the fall of 2016-2017?	1
what is originated from the parent of NER	0
where is the city of Team NER	0
do you know what is the region of The area where NER is used	0
what is the subdivision type of the southeast of the south of NER?	1
what type of work is NER famous for?	0
what is the occupation of the origin of NER's name?	0
where is the Northeast of NER's largest city?	0
who lives in the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the subdivision name of the north of the death place of NER	1
who is the mother of the successor of the Egyptian pharaoh NER?	1
Whose children are NER's father and mother?	0
do you know what happened in The winner of NER	0
who honored the parent of NER journalist, and broadcaster?	0
what is the branch of Client of The title of NER	1
do you know what dynasty is from The father of NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Northwest of NER ponent, lleida province, spain?	0
who is the leader of the combatant of NER?	0
who is the creator of video game designer NER's famous work?	0
what is the time zone used by NER South	0
which timezone does the city in the south of NER belong to?	0
what is the occupation of the singer of NER?	0
who is the spouse of the person whose name is used to name the NER?	0
do you know what timezone is using East of NER World Day Location	1
do you know who the leader of the The Life of NER's Place of Death is	1
where does the NER election winner belong?	0
where is the birthplace of the origin of the NER name	0
who is the predecessor of NER's predecessor	1
who is the predecessor of the previous generation of the provincial premier of NER?	1
which language is used in the theme of NER?	0
who is the wife of Election after NER	0
what is the deputy of the participating countries of NER called	0
what is the area of the main town of NER in a French state (as of March 2015)	0
what is the subdivision type of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what is west in NER County suffolk, england?	0
who leads the west of the location of NER	1
NER where is the creator's graduation school	0
where does the religion of The founder of The house of NER come from?	1
who is the head of the area where NER is used	0
do you know where is the title of The NER team	0
where did the person whose name is used to name NER study?	0
where is the location in the northeast where NER died?	1
who is the heir to Your next NER Candidate club	1
which type of subdivision does the west of the southeast of NER belong to?	1
where was the NER-related tournament, the last game of Euro 1968 held?	0
what lies in the southeast of the county that NER oxfordshire, england, belongs to?	0
what dynasty belongs to The Life of NER User	1
what is the department of the Spouse title of NER	1
what is the nationality of NER's election winner?	0
who is the prime minister of the leader of NER	0
which dynasty does the successor of NER belong to?	0
what is the southwest part of NER's county?	0
which type of subdivision does the east of the region of NER belong to?	1
do you know what time zone uses North Eastern NER the netherlands?	1
do you know what the label is for The addition of NER the creator?	0
where do people influenced by the French mathematician, physicist, engineer and philosopher of science NER work	0
what field does the person used to name NER belong to?	0
what is the name of the chairman of NER's client?	0
what is the nationality of the creator of NER?	0
which division is the city located in the north of NER Catalonia, Spain	1
NER which manager leads the team to which it belongs	0
which title does the descendant of the spouse of NER own?	1
do you know which league NER team one season football team will play in?	0
what is the title of the combatant of NER	0
who is the regnet of the successor of NER and mother of emperor constantine the great (250-330)?	0
do you know what is the northeast of the largest city in NER	0
what is the religion of the successor of NER?	0
do you know what type of NER Theme	0
do you know who will be the next Your next club from The stadium where the NER took place	1
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the premier of NER?	1
where did the predecessor of the candidate of NER study?	1
which title does the country that is spoken NER belong to?	0
who is the one that is after election of NER	0
what is the common language of the event happened in NER	0
what is the largest city in NER	0
what is the zoning of the location in the Northeast where Catholic Bishop NER died?	1
do you know what state Election is in after NER	0
what is the religion of NER's parents?	0
do you know what style the person is affecting NER	0
who is the first person to hold the title of US Air Force General NER?	1
What's related to NER-related stuff	0
where did the commander of NER die?	0
Descendants of NER's spouse belong to the royal family	1
what is the succession of The head of NER	0
what is the club that the name included in the NER belongs to?	0
what is the timezong of the southeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
For NER, mohsen chavoshi's album, what is the title of the singer it performs	0
where is the borough of East of Location of NER	1
who is the ruler of the descendants of NER	0
where is the title of The Parents of NER	0
do you know what is the title of Generals of NER participants?	0
which religion does the leader of NER believe?	0
who developed the work that made NER known	0
do you know who is the winner of the Events in NER	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of the southwest of NER?	1
where do the voters for the leader of the NER come from?	0
who is the father of the predecessor of the successor of NER	1
what region does the location in the northern province of the Wikimedia list article NER belong to?	1
what district is the northwest location of NER France	0
what is the title of Persons Affected by an NER	0
where is the birthplace of the client of NER?	0
what is the country of the head of NER	0
where did the current incumbent of the title of NER, the wife of Sun Yat-sen, Honorary President of the People's Republic of China (1893-1981) live where	1
where are the descendants of NER buried	0
do you know what is the title of Famous Works by NER	0
what is the largest city in the country and region affected by NER?	0
what is the alma mater of NER's candidate for successor	1
which region does the appointer of the title of NER belong to?	1
who was the front of The NER Question front?	1
who married the successor of the children of NER?	1
what is in the east of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
who is the successor of the descendants of NER's mother?	1
do you know what time zone is using Eastern NER location	1
where is the capital (or capital) of the province where NER is located	0
who is the regnet of the successor of NER?	0
what are the types of related products of NER	0
who is the father of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
which title does the successor of the owner of NER own?	1
what is the event of the event happened in NER?	0
where is the location in the northeast of NER and in which region is the location in the southwest?	1
when is the leader of NER born?	0
what is the timezong of the east of the location of NER	1
NER, Thai politician (1911-2004), what is the alma mater of the incumbent of his title	1
what is the region of the province where NER is located?	0
what is the religion of NER's event?	0
which product belongs to the customer of NER?	0
what is the program that is after NER's famous works?	0
which type of subdivision does the northeast of the death place of NER belong to?	1
do you know who the parents of Les enfants du NER statesman, and writer, first prime minister of india (1889-1964) are?	0
where is the event that starts the user of NER located?	1
do you know which branch Election belongs to after NER?	0
which type does the largest city of NER belong to?	0
who is the most important people of the sponsor of NER?	0
who wrote the theme of NER	0
which battle is the leader of NER involved?	0
what is the parent class of products related to NER, a family of cheap mopeds	0
what it the product of the client of NER?	0
what happened in The era of NER	0
which division does the northwest location of NER belong to?	0
who developed NER's related products?	0
do you know what is the honorific suffix of Election after NER	0
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the descendant of NER?	1
what is the name of the ocean in the south of NER's county?	0
do you know what is the profession of NER Chronology?	0
which type does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
what is the capital name of the location province of NER?	0
do you know who is the agent of Election after NER	0
which timezone does the capital of the birth place of NER belong to?	1
who is earlier than the one who is alongside NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the northeast of the death place of NER	1
what time zone does the southern city of NER belong to?	0
which is the capital of the country that is affected by NER?	0
what is the party of the one who is alongside NER?	0
what is the east of the largest city in NER	0
what is the next mandate of the Generals of the participating NERs	0
which party does the NER-held parliament belong to?	0
what is the title of the descendant of the mother of the Austrian Grand Duchess NER?	1
what is the occupation of NER Timeline	0
what musical instrument was used by the successor of the creator of NER	1
where does the predecessor of the premier of NER work as a president?	1
what causes NER related events?	0
who did a job before the one who is alongside NER	0
who is the president of Alma mater of NER	0
which president does NER's alma mater serve for?	0
who is the current incumbent of the title of NER's spouse	1
what is the affiliation of the Head of NER	0
what is the largest city in the NER	0
To which party does the leader of NER	0
do you know who is next to the Generals of the participating NERs	0
who is the manufacturer of NER-related products?	0
do you know who is the wife of The leader of NER	0
who is the successor president of NER's venue	1
do you know where is the alma mater of The person who affects NER	0
who is the descendant of the successor of NER?	0
who did a job before the first the title of NER?	1
what is the southwest of NER's southern region?	0
who is the mentor of NER's Notable Works	0
what is the predecessor of Generals of the participating NERs	0
what is the burial place of the predecessor of the successor of NER?	1
who is the most important person in NER's sponsorship	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the south of the venue that NER is held?	1
who are the tenants of The stadium where the National team of NER	1
what is the level of management at West of NER Southeast utah, united states?	1
what sport does the state in which the NER title is held	1
do you know what is the management level of The main city of NER	0
which time zone does the division (division) of the Canadian Highway NER belong to?	0
where did Hong Kong politician NER take office?	0
A town in Dorset, England, and what area does the county of NER belong to?	0
where is the capital of Cities affected by NER	0
what is the southeast of NER County england?	0
what is the timezong of the south of the province of NER?	1
what is the succession of the father of NER?	0
what is the name of the ocean to the northeast of NER's county?	0
where is the origin of the name NER born	0
do you know who is the father of The front of Your next club NER	1
where the person whose name is used to name NER was born	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the west of the east of NER?	1
which genre does the artist who sings for NER belong to?	0
who is before the children of NER?	0
which country does the parent of NER belong to?	0
what is the language that is commonly used by the bay that NER is famous for?	0
what is the subdivision type of the death place of the successor of NER?	1
NER where is its home west located?	1
who is the successor to the famous work of the American entrepreneur NER?	0
what area is the capital of the location of NER?	1
where do the leaders of NER work?	0
what is the type of nominee for the title of NER?	1
where is the city where NER's famous work is located?	0
what is the seat of the participating countries of NER?	0
do you know what is the honorary suffix of The leader of NER	0
Where's the alma mater of Host of NER's Next Movie	1
do you know to which series belongs the Notable Works of NER	0
do you know what is the title of The event that occurs in NER	0
which race does the parent of NER belong to?	0
what is the deathpalce of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
what dynasty belongs to The Life of The Stage where NER took place?	1
what is the other name that the alma mater of NER is known as?	0
what is the house of the father of NER?	0
what is the nationality of the origin of the NER name?	0
which timezone does the southeast of the place that NER takes place belong to?	1
who is the predecessor of the descendant of the regnet of NER?/ who is the father of the descendant of the regnet of NER?	1
do you know what belongs NER Client	0
where do the people who influence NER work	0
what time zone does the location in the southern part of NER's venue belong to?	1
which bay makes the origin of NER famous's name?	0
where is the captial of the south of the east of NER located?	1
who is the mother of responsible for NER	0
who leads the bay that NER is famous for?	0
where is the parent of NER educated?	0
who is the successor of NER-related products?	0
where does the one that is after election of NER live?	0
what is the subdivision name of the east of the location of NER?	1
what are the offspring of NER's father (mother)	0
what are the important positions of Beside NER	0
who is issued by the parent of NER?	0
what is the legislature of the country that uses NER?	0
what is the leader name of the east of the location of NER	1
what is the organizational model of the municipal management of the NER team	0
which is the capital of the location province of NER?	0
which type of subdivision does the north of the south of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
what is the post code type of the northwest of the home to NER	1
where was the general of NER born in a small battle in Aksu, Xinjiang, China	0
what products does the client of NER have?	0
do you know what is the Capital management level of NER location	1
do you know what the education level of NER addition is?	0
who is the successor played by the Japanese politician NER?	0
what is the name of the alma mater of the person who influenced NER?	0
who created the singer who performed for NER	0
what is the nationality of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
where does the location province of NER belong to?	0
where are the descendants of NER's mother buried	1
what is NER Division sport	0
which party does the leader of the Wall NER belong to?	0
what is the title of the descendants of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the father of NER?	0
do you know what the NER Chronology label is?	0
do you know where the grave of Your Next NER Topic Club is	1
which type does the car that NER is related to belong to?	0
who is the father of The leader of NER	0
who is the predecessor of NER's parents?	0
which timezone does the southeast of the place that NER takes place belong to?	1
do you know who is the Prime Minister of Election after NER	0
do you know what is the nationality of the eponym of NER	0
who created the theme of NER?	0
which had a significant impact on the eponymous career of NER	0
what is the religion of the successor of NER	0
do you know where the head of NER is?	0
do you know what type of NER's Notable Works	0
Was used to name NER, a crater on Venus and what is the nationality of its people	0
which dynasty does the commander of NER live in?	0
what is the nationality of the person who was named NER	0
which event belongs to the war that happened in the era of NER	0
which region does the origin of NER belong to's name?	0
which type does things related to NER belong to?	0
what race were the people influenced by the Soviet nuclear physicist (1903-1960) NER	0
which network does the works that make NER belong to known?	0
what is the religion of the combatant of NER?	0
what is the positioning of NER's election winner?	0
what area is the northern part of where NER died?	1
who rules the successor of NER and mother of emperor constantine the great (250-330)?	0
In what language does the person or thing related to the consequences of NER communicate?	0
what is the reason for the NER incident?	0
where is the alma mater of British historian NER?	0
what is the northern largest city in the NER	0
which language is commonly used in the west of the area that NER is located in?	1
which type does the location of the national team that NER belongs to belong to?	1
what is the type of origin of the NER name	0
who is the owner of NER's sponsors?	0
what is the deputy to the title of British lawyer, spouse of NER, wife of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair (b. 1954)	1
what is the flag event established by the country of birth of the Zambian footballer NER?	0
what is the last show of a product related to the Korean TV series NER	0
who are the spouses of the parents of the Chinese engineer and hydrologist NER?	0
NER to which division the location southwest of its location belongs	1
where did the successor of the owner of NER study?	1
what is the name of the ocean to the east of the country (city) affected by NER, an oldburn	0
do you know what is the title of The Children of the NER	0
what is the title of The Children of the NER	0
The name was used to name NER where its people lived	0
do you know which club The coach from NER's club worked at?	1
what is the name of the administrative division of the Southwest of NER West	1
what is the timezong of the team that won NER?	0
NER's Location West The location leader's name is	1
where is the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place grounded?	1
what is the occupation of the country that the party of NER founded?	1
where is the sponsor of the annual music festival NER established in 2012	0
Wikimedia list article what is the provincial capital of the administrative region NER is responsible for	0
where did NER play die	0
NER what area does the location in the north belong to?	1
do you know what religion believes The father of NER	0
who was the president of the previous generation of NER's provincial premier?	1
who is the female parent of the successor of the descendant of NER	1
what is the predecessor of the previous generation of the descendants of NER	1
who is the successor of the leader of NER?	0
what time zone does South of Southwest NER utah, united states use?	1
where was the birthplace of the winner of the first NER election in the Republic of Lithuania in 1990	0
where is NER's alma mater?	0
what is the type of the children of NER?	0
in which area is the partition (division) to which NER belongs	0
which title does the southwest of the stadium that NER takes place own?	1
where did the one who is alongside NER die?	0
what is spoken by the author of NER	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of South East of NER Millionaires	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the caption of the place that NER takes place?	1
who is the manager of the team that won NER	0
in which area is the southern location of the NER held?	1
what is the current club of the name included in the NER?	0
who is Election Officer after NER	0
what is the time zone of the location in the southeast of the NER's venue?	1
where is the artist who sings for NER educated?	0
where are NER's sponsors?	0
which timezone does the north of the east of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
which religion do NER generals believe in?	0
who gave birth to the one that is after election of NER?	0
which place does the games of NER take place?	0
which province lies in the north of the largest city of NER	0
what is the type of the bay that NER is famous for?	0
which timezone does the northwest of NER belong to?	0
do you know what is the management level of East of the Southwest of NER utah, united states?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the west of the north of NER catalonia, spain?	1
who is the successor of the previous generation of the descendants of the Austrian Grand Duchess (1824-1906) NER	1
what is the legislature of the country of birth of the Ecuadorian footballer (1986-2013) NER	0
who is the developer of the car that NER is related to?	0
what is the deathpalce of the leader of NER?	0
which religion does the combatant of NER belong to?	0
what is north county in NER	0
where does the parent of NER work as a president?	0
what is the office of the leader of NER	0
which division does the city in the northern part of NER belong to?	1
do you know who is the wife of The father of NER	0
where is the headquarter of the record company that issued NER?	0
what is the zoning of a city in Cage County, Utah, United States, NER, location, north, location, southeast, location?	1
where is the descendant of the mother of NER born?	1
Empress of the Roman Empire, mother of Constantine the Great (250-330) what are the descendants of NER	0
which country does the predecessor of the premier of NER belong to?	1
who is the leader of the country that is affected by NER?	0
which city is the sponsor of NER located?	0
what is the division of the city in the north of the location of NER?	1
what is the location of the alma mater of NER?	0
what is the latest show from Notable Works of Japanese Manga Artist NER?	0
do you know what the business of NER Chronology	0
where was the singer of the NER song born	0
what is the name of the Eastern administrative division of NER Headquarters	1
which teams are in the NER league?	0
who will be NER's parents next	0
what era did the eponym of NER come from	0
what is the leader name of the east of the location of NER?	1
who is the predecessor of the parent of NER?	0
what is the Governor's First Nickname of NER	0
do you know what is the problem of The father of the NER	0
who was the previous generation of the subject of the English painter (1776-1837) NER	0
which title does the descendant of the mother of NER belong to?	1
who are the parents of NER's parents	0
which type of subdivision does the northeast of the northwest of NER belong to?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the east of the location of NER	1
A town in Utah County, Utah, United States, where is the northern location of NER? what region is the east location?	1
what is the timezong of the north of the location of NER?	1
what is the previous generation played by the Japanese politician NER?	0
who is the predecessors of NER's Premier Forward	1
where were the descendants of NER's spouse born	1
what region is the capital of NER's location?	1
what is the party of the parent of NER	0
which rank does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the subdivision type of the east of the death place of NER	1
what is the occupation of the creator of vixx's album NER	0
what is the type of manager of NER	0
who is the writer of the sponsor of NER?	0
which religion does the father of NER belong to?	0
What's before The father of NER	0
where is the Alma Mater of Election after NER	0
what are the participating NER's name countries	0
what city is the person whose name is in NER	0
what is in the east of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what happened in Home country of NER	0
which river is the the name included in the NER originated from?	0
which era does the combatant of NER belong to?	0
do you know which is the southern waters of NER's team	0
where is the south of the location province of NER	0
do you know that before The stadium where the NER national team took place is?	1
what are the types of people whose names are in american basketball players and coaches NER	0
who is the prime minister of the one who is alongside NER?	0
what is the type of the location of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the label of NER addition	0
who is the spouse of the parent of NER	0
who is the NER Manager Mentor	0
what religion does the person or thing related to the consequences caused by NER believe in?	0
which title does the children of NER statesman, and writer, first prime minister of india (1889-1964), belong to?	0
what is the name of the province in the northern county of NER?	0
where was the person, thing, thing with the same name as NER born	0
what is the name of the administrative division of the Northern Province of NER	1
what dynasty does the descendant of NER belong to?	0
where does the client of NER belong to?	0
which religion did the people who influenced NER follow?	0
what lies in the west of the southwest of the address of NER?	1
where does the information source of the cause of NER come from?	0
which country does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
who is the incumbent of the title of the spouse of NER?	1
what lies in the southeast of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what type of products are related to the Korean TV series NER	0
NER, the first prime minister of the People's Republic of China (1898-1976), what is the alma mater of the current incumbent of his title	1
what is the timezong of the location province of NER?	0
which party does Wallner's election winner belong to?	0
what is the previous generation of NER's election winner?	0
do you know where the borough of Est de Lieu de NER is?	1
what is the start of the country of birth of NER	0
what is the previous generation of NER's coaches	0
where is NER located in the North West	1
which religion does the location country of NER belong to?	0
where does the event involved in NER take place?	0
where NER's election winner was born	0
which place does the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place take place?	1
what lies in the northwest of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the house of The descendant of NER	0
do you know in which country is the Things related to NER	0
which type of subdivision does the northwest of NER belong to?	0
town in Millard County, Utah, United States, the location in the southeast of NER, the location in the west, to which division does the location belong?	1
do You Know Who's Leading the NER Location Publishing Event	1
do you know where Election after NER died	0
where did the people, things and things with the same name as NER die?	0
what is the mother of Le descendant de NER	0
what is the job of the author of NER	0
who is the head of NER's home country	0
what is the region of the province where NER is located?	0
what was the legislature of the leader of Napoleon's vassals (1808-1813) NER	0
what type of person is the name in NER?	0
which party belongs to Next to NER	0
what is the stadium that hosted the Tenants of The stadium where the NER took place?	1
who is the key figure of NER Client	0
which dynasty the person or thing related to the consequences of NER belongs to	0
which region does the client of NER belong to?	0
where is the alma mater of The Person who Affects NER	0
where is the address of the NER team	0
do you know what the job of NER's parents	0
which war is included in the era of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
The dynasty of which empire is the descendant of the Roman queen NER?	0
do you know where is the heir of The descendant of NER	0
who is NER's father and mother's spouse	0
what is the religion of the bay that NER is famous for?	0
which bay makes the origin of NER famous's name?	0
what is the area of NER's home west location?	1
what titles did the previous generation of descendants of King NER of Australia have?	1
Taiwanese politician, former president of the Republic of China, who is the predecessor of the provincial premier of NER	1
which battle is the one that is after election of NER involved?	0
what time zone is used in the province where NER is located?	0
do you know where the constituency of Next to NER is?	0
where is NER located's famous works?	0
who is the director of NER's famous work	0
what is the southeast of the county that NER belongs to?	0
who is the regent of The father of the NER	0
who is the father of NER's election winner	0
do you know who is next to NER's descendant	0
where are the current incumbents of the title of NER employed?	1
what are the events of the 16th century samurai and daimyo NER era	0
what is the subdivision name of the west of the city that NER lives in?	1
what is the Legislature of Country of origin of NER	0
where does the NER election winner belong?	0
which type does NER belong to's related products?	0
what is northwest of NER County	0
what is the occupation of Wallner's election winner?	0
what is the language that is commonly used by the event happened in NER?	0
where is the largest city in the southwest of NER?	0
what dynasty does NER User's Life belong to?	1
who is earlier than the author of NER?	0
do you know who is the leader of the Cities affected by NER	0
what is the legislature of the location country of NER?	0
What's before Generals of participating NERs	0
which religion does the leader of NER belong to?	0
where is the alma mater of The Person who Affects NER	0
who legislates for the position of the NER?	1
In what war did the leaders of the fascist regime NER in Romania fought	0
What's before The coach of NER	0
what is the organizational model of the municipal management of the NER site publication event	1
what is the previous generation of the creators of NER	0
who starred in the theme of NER	0
which type of government does the southwest of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
where does the incumbent of the title of NER live?	1
where the children of the french writer and playwright NER died	0
what is the level of management in Southeast of NER's place of death	1
where is NER's location in the western city?	1
what is the name of the ocean on the northwest side of the state where the titles of federal judges and officers of the American Revolutionary War are located?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the southeast of the city that NER lives in?	1
where is the death place of The leader of NER	0
where is the capital (or provincial capital) of the country (city) affected by NER	0
what is the northwest part of NER's county	0
NER, the US college basketball season, what is the regional type of its home Northwest location	1
what is the name of the national capital of the Cities affected by NER	0
what is the initiating event established by the person or thing related to the consequences of the battle NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the leader of the lobbyist NER?	0
do you know who is the wife of The front of Your next NER club	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the chief town of NER?	0
what is the position of the title of the founder of NER?	1
which division does the location north of NER's home field belong to?	1
what is the dynasty of The father of NER	0
which sport does the coach of NER work for?	0
what is the typical settlement of the Southwest Birthplace of NER	1
what is the type of the author of NER?	0
which title does the country that is affected by NER own?	0
where is the capital of the people, things and things with the same name as NER located?	0
what is the leader name of the east of the location of NER?	1
do you know who was the front of The NER Question before?	1
what is the Participating NER Country Era	0
what time zone is the province of a mine NER in Madagascar in?	0
who does the job after the one who is alongside NER	0
what is the southeastern part of the county of NER east-central England	0
do you know who is the NER Theme Mentor	0
what time zone uses Eastern NER's location	1
who is the successor of the Android phabletNER-related products produced and sold by Samsung Electronics?	0
what is the name of the chairperson of the sponsor who opens the NER to Thoroughbreds four years old or older in the third group of flat races in France	0
what is the race of NER's clients	0
which religion did Pakistani politician NER play?	0
what is the time zone for the southern region of NER	0
what is the zoning of the location in the southwest of the NER and the location in the east?	1
do you know what is the profession of NER Client?	0
who is the heir to the founder of the NER party	1
do you know what south is in NER County	0
NER, Egypt, in which region is the capital of the location of an ancient Egyptian city	1
what is the form of the owner of a NER club location	1
what is the genre of NER's famous works?	0
where does NER Parents work?	0
who is the leader of the Front of The location of NER	1
what are NER-related products about?	0
what is the Successor Battle of NER's Title	1
who is the agent of the person in charge of NER?	0
what happened in The era of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the deputy of the place where NER occur?	1
do you know what is the nationality of Election after NER	0
which party did NER play belong to?	0
which division does the capital of NER's location belong to?	1
what is the ethnicity of the person who affects NER	0
do you know what time zone uses Northern NER location	1
what is the subdivision type of the largest city of NER?	0
what is the subdivision name of the west of the city that NER lives in?	1
what type of person has the name in NER	0
who will rule the generals of NER?	0
who ruled by NER's father	0
what is the time zone for the location of the Northwest home of the NER for the college basketball season	1
what time zone is the location in the southeast of where the NER takes place?	1
who is the president of NER's election winner serving?	0
which dynasty does the commander of NER live in?	0
what are the titles of the leaders of the countries and territories affected by NER?	0
who is the female parent of the name that the location of NER is named for?	1
where did the name NER come from?	0
what is the type of Nominator of The title of NER	1
what is the sport of the locale of the operator of NER?	1
do you know where is the heir of The descendant of NER	0
who is the spouse of NER's client?	0
who married the one that is after election of NER	0
what is the type of The name of NER	0
do you know what south is in NER County	0
what religion do the descendants of NER believe in?	0
do you know what type of settlement is in the province where NER is located	0
what lies in the northeast of the county that NER england, belongs to?	0
what is the canton of the north of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the predecessor of the spouse of the descendant of NER	1
what is the name of the administrative division of The South of World NER Day Venue	1
who is the source of the information on the archipelagos of the Spanish National Park NER?	0
do you know who the wife of NER addition is	0
do you know where is the city of Alma mater of NER	0
NER what is the region of the representative of the place where it is held?	1
which event establish the location country of NER upper bavaria, germany?	0
do you know who is the father of the eponymous NER	0
do you know what time zone uses Capital of Birthplace of NER	1
what is the type of division of La mer around the NER, un cities in cuba?	0
what is the predecessor of the general of NER?	0
which timezone does the southeast of the place that NER takes place belong to?	1
NER, Wikimedia listing article for which team the coach at its club location plays	1
do you know who is the heir to NER's Topic Successor	1
what titles did the children of NER hold	0
who is the male parent of the successor of the subject of NER	1
where is the location of the head of NER	0
what is the house of the cause of NER	0
who will be The leader of NER next?	0
who is NER's father's successor?	0
what is in the north of the east of the location of NER?	1
who married the successor of the title of NER	1
which type does the largest city of NER belong to?	0
where is the constituency of the one that is after election of NER from?	0
who is the successor president of NER's venue	1
who takes the place of the car that NER is related to?	0
what is the northeastern part of the southern part of the Kowloon City Council constituency NER in Hong Kong?	0
where is the alma mater of The father of NER	0
what is the language used in The province where the NER is located	0
what is the name of the administrative division of the province where the NER is located	0
what is the location of the NER location in the west?	1
where is the constituency of Election after NER	0
which league does the controller of NER belong to?	0
do you know who is the head of The Name of NER	0
what is the timezong of the location province of NER	0
which type of subdivision does the southeast of the north of NER belong to?	1
what are the titles of country (city) leaders affected by NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of East of NER's location	1
who is the leader of the legislature of the death place of NER?	1
what is the genre of the origin of NER's name?	0
where is the birthplace of NER's general	0
which type does the location of the national team that NER belongs to belong to?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the province where the NER is located, un bergwerk in bosnien und herzegowina?	0
where does the alma mater of NER work as a president?	0
do you know who is the heir of The next term of The front of NER	1
who was the Next to NER before	0
do you know who is the successor of The father of NER	0
do you know what the legislature is in The Land of NER	0
NER Catalonia, Spain, to which division the city in the north belongs to	1
what is the subdivision name of the north of the death place of NER?	1
what is the office of the successor of the candidate of NER?	1
To which dynasty does the legislature for the title of NER belong to?	1
what causes NER related events?	0
what is the club that the coach of the club that NER belongs to belongs to?	1
what is the title of the previous generation of the descendants of NER	1
what is originated from the person whose name is used to name NER	0
what city is the sponsor of NER's 1999 professional wrestling match in Ohio	0
do you know who is next to the The father of NER	0
which house does the legislature of the venue that NER is held belong to?	1
who makes the law of the cause of NER?	0
what is the series of NER-related products?	0
who will be next to NER next	0
what city is the person whose name is in NER	0
NER which national system is used to mark events established by its location	1
where is the province of The province where the NER is located	0
what is the religion of the participating countries of NER?	0
where is the person whose name is in NER generated	0
where does the one that is after election of NER get the honorific suffix?	0
who is the successor of things related to NER	0
do you know who is the father of The forward of Your next club NER	1
do you know what is the profession of NER Chronology?	0
what is the honorific suffix of the parent of NER?	0
who is the regent of The father of the NER	0
what do NER election winners do?	0
what is the southwest of the east of the location of NER	1
where is the birthplace of The mother of The title of NER	1
what is the outcome of the countries and regions affected by NER?	0
do you know what is the problem of NER's father daughter of taizu?	0
do you know where is the capital of Cities affected by NER	0
what is the name of the club that the successor of NER belongs to?	1
what lies in the northwest of the location of the title of NER?	1
where is the father of NER born?	0
where did the person whose name is in NER happen	0
who is the producer of the creator of NER?	0
do you know where is the region of Client of The title of NER	1
who is the emperor of the person or thing related to the result of the battle ner	0
where is the location of the location province of NER?	0
do you know who is the leader of the Western NER location	1
where is the stadium of the division that NER belongs to held?	0
do you know where the origin of the name of the NERdied	0
do you know where is the title of The question of Husband of NER	1
what is the occupation of the author of NER?	0
where is the birthplace of the one that is after election of NER?	0
who is the president of the American photographer NER's alma mater?	0
do you know what time zone is East of NER location	1
where did the leaders of NER come from in the end?	0
what is the language of the people in the Wikimedia listing article NER?	0
what is the format of the origin of NER's name?	0
what is the title of NER's event leader	0
which party does the one who is alongside NER belong to?	0
what is the timezong of the south of the home to NER	1
what is the time zone used by Area covered by the NER District	1
what is the company type of the creator of NER?	0
who is the successor of the related products (works) of the Android smartphone model NER	0
who is the predecessor of the one that is after election of NER/ who is the father of the one that is after election of NER	0
what time zone is used for the location in the north of the NER and the location in the southwest	1
in which area is the administrative center of NER's administrative district?	1
where is the capital of the location province of NER located?	0
NER in which area is the city north of its location	1
where is the city of Alma mater de NER	0
what is the profession of NER Timeline	0
which battle does the one that is after election of NER take part in?	0
do you know what time zone uses The province where the NER is located	0
who commanded the controller of NER?	0
what happened in the country that is affected by NER?	0
who is the last coach of NER?	0
who is the successor of the leader of NER?	0
what is the legislature of the leaders of the NER	0
what is the company type of the principal of NER?	0
where did the voters for the NER's election winner come from?	0
which dynasty does the father of NER live in?	0
what is the status of the Cities affected by NER	0
do you know who is the premier of Parents of NER	0
what is the one that is after election of NER from?	0
what is the name of the province in the northern county of NER?	0
who is the prime minister of the one who is alongside NER?	0
who is the king of NER's election winner	0
what is the region of the chief town of NER	0
who is the last kind of the bay that NER is famous for?	0
where do NER's election winners live?	0
what is the legislature of the legislature of the position of NER	1
do you know what was the start of the Participating NER Country	0
who is the monarch whose leader is Election after NER, un the 1834 elections were the first elections in spain since 1822.?	0
To which series belongs the NER-related things	0
do you know what are the important positions occupied by the people occupied by the title of NER	1
what is the common language in which people or things related to the consequences of NER communicate?	0
what is the eponymous profession of NER	0
NER Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, who is the client's father	0
which city does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
who is the predecessor of the previous generation of the descendants of NER?	1
what is the zip code type of the largest city in NER?	0
what is the occupation of the singers who participated in the compilation NER?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of the Eastern location of NER	1
what is the level of management at Division of NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the northwest of the north of NER?	1
which country does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
who is the predecessor of the successor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the work place of the one that is influenced by NER	0
which timezone does the north of the death place of NER belong to?	1
do you know where is the heir of The father of NER	0
what is the time zone used by North of South East of NER	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the southwest of the northeast of NER?	1
do You Know who Is NER's Timeline Wife	0
who is the director of the Indian Formula One NER team?	0
who is the father of NER's children?	0
A town in Wayne County, Utah, United States, what is the area of NER?	1
which sport does the name included in the NER play?	0
what is the battle of The leader of NER	0
what is the government type of the event that starts the stadium that NER takes place?	1
which client does NER belong to?	0
what wars were there in the era of the origin of the NER name	0
where is the bay that NER is famous for?	0
which type of subdivision does the northeast of the death place of NER belong to?	1
what is the west of the largest city of NER?	0
do you know when the NER Timeline came from	0
when is the person whose name is used to name NER born?	0
who is the representative operator of the venue of NER?	1
where does the religion of Election after NER come from	0
what is the postal code type of the archipelago to which the National Park NER of Spain belongs?	0
what is in the north of the county that NER belongs to?	0
do you know what is the battle for Successor to The title of NER	1
do you know what kind of people are affected by NER	0
do you know what happened during the Events in NER	0
what is the royal house of the leader of NER	0
which dynasty does the successor of NER belong to?	0
do you know where is the alma mater of The parents of NER	0
what industry do NER sponsors belong to?	0
NER's location established flag event who led the event	1
NER who is the first successor to his title	1
what is the rank of Election after NER	0
do you know where The NER team died	0
which rank does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the title of The principal organ of the heads of NER	0
what is the honorific suffix of the parent of NER?	0
which timezone does the east of the location of NER united states, belong to?	1
who represents the leader of NER?	0
what is the predecessor of the predecessor of the previous generation of the French statesman (1885-1956) NER	1
which state does the one who is alongside NER belong to?	0
who is the wife of The question of Husband of NER	1
what is the time zone of the location of NER's home northwest	1
do you know who is the predecessor of The successor of Subject of NER	1
what are the sports of the NER Coach	0
what is the level of management at Capital of the location of NER	1
do you know who is the predecessor of The leader of NER	0
what is the northeast of the NER team	0
what time zone does NER's Northwestern Millionaires use	1
In Gaia there is limited proof of what the title of the national leader of NER is.	0
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the successor of NER/ who is the father of the predecessor of the successor of NER	1
what is the timezong of the city in the south of NER?	0
what is the series of the car that NER is related to?	0
which type of subdivision does the northwest of NER spain, belong to?	0
what is the war in which the NER's election winner is fighting?	0
what is the team for the NER Division	0
which district does the northwest of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
what is the job of the successor of the title of NER?	1
what is the alma mater of NER's candidate's predecessor?	1
which dynasty does the successor of NER live in?	0
what is the title of Persons Affected by an NER	0
where did the incumbent of the title of NER study?	1
what are the titles of NER's parents	0
which genre does the notable work of NER belong to?	0
which type of post code does the southeast of the north of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
what is the house of NER's father	0
what does NER's election winner belong to?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of The north of The stadium where the NER took place	1
What's the latest show from NER-related stuff	0
what happened in the countries that use the language NER	0
do you know who will be the next The first of The title of NER	1
who is the successor of the man who influenced NER	0
what is the name of the chairman of the team that won NER	0
where is the alma mater of the one that is after election of NER	0
who was the forward of The stadium where the NER was held before?	1
do you know where NER's eponymous alma mater is	0
what is the deathpalce of the author of NER	0
what is the level of the leader of NER?	0
what takes the place of the leader of NER?	0
which type of subdivision does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
what war did the country of the Korean shooter NER team belong to?	0
what is the succession of the commander of NER?	0
do you know what time zone uses The West of NER Millionaires	1
which region does the eponym of NER belong to?	0
do you know what the NER Location Release Event	1
which series does NER's related products (works) belong to?	0
who does the job after the sponsor of NER?	0
what titles did the descendants of the Austrian Duchess NER hold for the previous generation	1
what is the profession of The head of NER	0
what is the era of the cause of NER?	0
do you know what NER's eponymous job is	0
where is the constituency of the leader of NER from?	0
who are the children of Wallner's election winner?	0
do you know what the battle of The name of the ship of NER	0
who is the regnet of the father of NER?	0
what state are NER's children in?	0
who developed the products or works related to NER	0
what is the post code type of the west of the location of NER?	1
what is the official language of the Cities affected by NER	0
what is the time zone of the location northwest of the city where NER is located	1
where did the origin of NER die's name?	0
what is NER responsible industry	0
what time zone is the location north of where NER died?	1
what state is NER's name in?	0
which industry is responsible for NER	0
what is the traditional form of the NER team	0
do you know where is the alma mater of Occupied people of The title of NER	1
where is the south of the team that won NER?	0
who is the manager of the team that won NER	0
NER, the residence of the 19th century Danish monarchs, who were the descendants of their clients	0
NER what is the nationality of the province in which it is located	0
do you know who the wife of NER's parents is	0
who is the spouse of the singer of NER?	0
do you know what is the nationality of eponym from NER	0
what is the royal house of the descendant of the spouse of NER?	1
what is the type of creator of tom jones' album NER	0
do you know who is the father of the addition of NER	0
what religion does the area where NER is used believe in?	0
what event is the NER involved in?	0
how to address the commander of NER?	0
what are the awards won by eponym from NER	0
what is the era of the event happened in NER	0
who is the successor of the father of NER?	0
what is the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
where did the father (mother) of the American politician NER take office?	0
who did a job before the successor of the subject of NER?	1
who is the spouse of the eponym of NER?	0
what includes the event involved in NER?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of Eastern Location of NER	1
NER which district is its main town?	0
To which dynasty do the rulers of the descendants of NER belong to?	1
do you know what musical instrument the singer who participated in NER used	0
do you know what is the status of Participating NER Country	0
what party is the leader of a political party in the Philippines, NER?	0
what is the title of the event leader established by the location of the NER?	1
what is the region of the south of the birth place of NER?	1
do you know what is the postal code of The North West of NER site	1
what is the genre of the notable work of NER	0
what is the party in the parliament of the seat held by a political party in Tunisia, NER?	0
what time zone uses North Eastern NER	1
what is the subdivision type of the east of the death place of NER?	1
to which dynasty the legislature where NER is used belongs	1
what are the legislatures of NER's participating countries?	0
what is NER's Northeast Theme featuring Lilo & Stitch?	0
do you know what the legislature is in the area where NER is used	0
do you know who is the mother of Election after NER	0
which award is the one that is after election of NER given?	0
do you know who is next to the Generals of the participating NERs	0
where is the alma mater of the parent of NER	0
what is the branch of The head of NER	0
do you know where the arrondissement of La ville principal de NER is located?	0
what is the label of the country of birth of NER	0
do you know what awards the person whose name is used to name NER has won	0
what is the predecessor of The NER-related thing	0
what is the title of the children of NER?	0
what dynasty belongs to the person, thing, thing with the same name as NER?	0
where is the tenant of the venue for a sports game NER held?	1
which timezone does the south of the home to NER belong to?	1
where does Persons affected by a NER	0
what is the Participating NER Country Region	0
what are the related products (works) of the Android smartphone model NER related to	0
where is the Birthplace of NER Timeline	0
which title does the car that NER is related to belong to?	0
NER, predecessor of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands from 1813 to 1815, what dynasty did its leader belong to	0
what is the division of the location north of NER's birthplace?	1
which title does the country that is spoken NER with limited attestation, belong to?	0
who married the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know which stadium welcomes the Tenants of The stadium where the NER took place	1
which language does NER belong to's famous works?	0
do you know who is next to the father of NER	0
who is the spouse of the singer of the NER song?	0
who is the successor of NER's related products?	0
do you know where the name of NER	0
do you know where Election after NER is?	0
which city is the client of NER located?	0
NER where is the starting event established where it was used	1
do you know what the mother of Generals of the participating NERs is	0
do you know what is the location of the national team of NER	1
do you know what is the title of The main organ of the chiefs of NER	0
what is the postal code of The North-West of NER Site	1
who is the father of the person whose name was used to name NER?	0
which waters south of Cities are affected by NER	0
When was the age of the person or thing related to the consequences of a naval battle NER during the Peloponnesian War	0
A town in Millard County, Utah, United States, the location east of NER, the location north of the location, and what time zone does the location belong to?	1
who are the developers of NER-related products	0
who manufactured NER-related products?	0
which is the branch of the current incumbent of the title of NER?	1
who is the spouse of the leader of NER?	0
where did the generals of NER die in an ancient war between the Roman Republic and the Parthian Empire in 53 BC near modern Haran, Turkey	0
who is the successor of the Korean football player NER's national team position?	1
what is the address of the one that is after election of NER	0
do you know what is the management level of the Southeast of the North of NER utah, united states?	1
what is the legislature of NER's country of birth	0
do you know what is the organizational model of the municipal management of the Bavarian NER Location Publication Event?	1
do you know what is the management level of North Eastern NER utah, united states?	1
NER where is its location in the west of the city	1
do you know what the predecessor of Children of the NER is	0
NER, the sixth daughter of the silver man Ai Xin Qiao Luo, to which dynasty did the father of the Qing Dynasty belong to	0
who is the predecessor of the parent of NER?/ who is the father of the parent of NER?	0
where is the team that won NER grounded?	0
what is the other name that the alma mater of NER is known as?	0
where are the burials of the descendants of NER	0
what is the dynasty of The father of NER	0
what is the job of the singer of NER?	0
where did NER's eponymous death	0
which award is the person whose name is used to name NER given?	0
what is the deathpalce of the eponym of NER	0
where does the controller of NER defend?	0
what is the status of the event happened in NER?	0
which title does the parent of NER journalist, and broadcaster, belong to?	0
what is the subdivision name of the south of the home to NER?	1
do you know who is the predecessor of Beside NER	0
who legislates the flag event established by the position of the NER?	1
who is the predecessor of the car that NER is related to?	0
who is the father of the leader of NER?	0
what is the subdivision name of the southeast of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the predecessor of the descendants of NER?	0
what is the race of Election after NER	0
where is the alma mater of the successor of the owner of NER?	1
who is the father of the descendants of the ancient king NER	0
which type does the works that make NER belong to known?	0
which royal house does the predecessor of the descendant of NER belong to?	1
What's the label of the artist who sang NER songs?	0
where did NER's famous work get its name from?	0
do you know what are the important positions held by the head of NER	0
what is the family of NER's sponsor?	0
which battle is the leader of NER involved?	0
which province lies in the north of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the famous eponymous work of NER	0
which district does the location in the northwest of NER's venue belong to?	1
which type of government does the southwest of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
who is the holder of the title Spouse of NER	1
where is the birthplace of the leader of the turkish politician NER	0
what state is Election in after NER	0
do you know who are the generals involved in the events in NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of NER team	0
Elections of members of the House of Representatives NER election winner period who is the monarch of the country	0
who is the monarch whose leader is The leader of NER	0
who is the successor to the current incumbent of the NER title?	1
what is the person whose name is used to name NER known for?	0
who is the producer of The NER Addition	0
what are the products of NER's sponsors	0
do you know where is the address of Deputy of The title of NER	1
what titles do descendants of NER's mother have?	1
who is the successor of the successor of the predecessor of NER	1
which arrondissement does the northwest of the location of NER belong to?	1
which timezone does the north of the location of NER belong to?	1
what time zone uses Northern NER's location	1
which religion do the leaders of NER believe in?	0
do you know where is the arrondissement of East of The stadium where the NER took place	1
which type does the nominator of the title of NER belong to?	1
do you know what is the problem of Generals of the participating NERs	0
what dynasty does NER's name belong to?	0
what is the subdivision type of the capital of the location of NER switzerland?	1
what is the program that is before things related to NER?	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the name of the administrative division of the province where the NER	0
what is the combatant of the event involved in NER?	0
which type of subdivision does the north of the birth place of NER belong to?	1
what is the title of NER's client	0
what are the events of the famous work of the Dutch tennis player NER	0
what is the region of the city in the north of NER and the city in the west?	1
do you know where the religion of the province where the NER is located	0
what is the type of business of NER manager	0
what is the program that is after NER's famous works?	0
NER what is the nationality of its leader	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the south of the home to NER	1
what is establishedEvent in NER's Home Countries	0
which general led the events of NER	0
what titles do the leaders of NER have?	0
who manages NER's famous work	0
what is the title of the flag event leader established by the area to which NER belongs?	1
where is the graduation school of the singer who performed for the Taiwanese TV series NER in 2015	0
do you know what is the level of management of The northeast of The place of death of NER	1
NER what time zone is used for its northwest location	0
what was the name of the general's mother in a battle between the ancient Egyptian Empire and the Canaanite rebels	0
what is the northern location of the national team of NER	1
do you know what is the maker of NER related stuff	0
NER, American politician and judge (1799-1850), what party did he play	0
who do the job after NER-related products?	0
do you know what time zone uses The Northwest of NER Millionaires	1
what does the client of NER succeed?	0
what is the title of the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who managed the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the name of the ocean to the northeast of NER's county?	0
what is the time zone of NER Northwest	0
what time zone uses Eastern NER's location	1
who are the predecessors of Taiwanese politician NER's parents?	0
what is the name of the person who influenced ner's eponym	0
what is the alma mater of the person whose name is used to name NER	0
do you know who will be the next Your next club from The stadium where the NER took place	1
who is the key figure in charge of NER	0
what is in the east of the north of the location of NER	1
where does the leader of an overseas French-speaking NER in Guyana belong?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of NER Site West	1
NER, 2015, what is the name of the Prime Minister of the country who was elected winner of the fifth Belarusian presidential election	0
what is the timezong of the southwest of the north of NER?	1
who is the predecessor of NER's parents?	0
what is the timezong of the southeast of the place that NER takes place?	1
where is the birthplace of The leader of NER	0
which region does the east of the location of NER belong to?	1
do you know what the Northwest Location Operator of NER is	1
what is the regional type of the Korean Judo NER team?	0
who makes the law of the location country of NER?	0
who are the parents of NER's election winner	0
do you know where Generals of participating NERs are buried	0
what is the location of the national team of the Dutch footballer NER?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of South of Northwestern NER utah, united states?	1
what is the specialty of Parents of NER	0
what is the title of the descendant of NER's spouse	1
what is the honorific prefix for parents of Cambodian politician NER	0
which house does the legislature of the user of NER belong to?	1
what is the succession of Regent from The question of NER	1
what includes the event involved in NER?	0
which title does the team that won NER own?	0
who is the manager of the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
which party did the Japanese politician NER play belong to?	0
who legislates the archipelago where NER is located?	0
do you know who is the leader of the Cities affected by NER	0
who is the heir of NER's Premier Predecessor	1
what is the status of the Northeast NER location	1
who married the one who is alongside NER	0
which type of subdivision does the capital of the location of NER belong to?	1
where is the birthplace of the eponym of NER?	0
The name of the previous generation leader of the position of NER is	1
in which district is the location in the northwest of the venue of a gbeutnis NER in Gar	1
whose ancestor is the commander of NER??	0
do you know who is the heir of Next to NER	0
what is the division of the location north of NER's birthplace?	1
NER who is the successor of the place where it is held	1
what is the area code type of the largest city of NER	0
what is the occupation from which the name NER comes from?	0
do you know where NER's father is buried	0
which title does the descendant of the spouse of NER own?	1
who is the father of the client of NER?	0
which canton does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
do you know what is the management level of the main city of NER	0
which canton does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
what is the timezong of the theme of NER?	0
what is the ex of the person affected by NER	0
who is the operator of the caption of the venue that NER is held?	1
where is the title of The addition of NER	0
NER copper, gold and silver mine in Argentina, what is the region type of its province	0
A season in NER, football team, which club the people in it now belong to	0
what dynasty did NER's father belong to?	0
what is the time zone for the location in the southwest of NER and the location in the north	1
what is the nickname division type of NER	0
do you know which institution Parents of NER studied	0
what is the legislature of the event that starts the location of NER	1
what is the zip code of The Northwestern Site of NER	1
what is the title of the descendant of the regnet of NER?	1
what is the governing body of the leaders of NER?	0
where is NER's eponymous birthplace	0
who is the successor of the successor of NER	0
who are the children of NER's successor?	0
do you know where is the alma mater of NER Candidate Predecessor	1
where is the title of L'avant de The stadium where the NER took place	1
do you know which league Tenants of NER location will play in	1
what is the eponymous education of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the south of the venue that NER is held?	1
which title does the country that is affected by NER own?	0
what region is the participating country of NER in?	0
which type does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
do you know what is North of the Cities affected by NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the east of the place that NER takes place?	1
do you know who is the predecessor of The front of The question of NER	1
who is the president of NER's candidate graduating school?	1
NER what is the time zone of its southern cities	0
where is the west of the county of NER seated?	1
what is the person whose name is used to name NER known for?	0
who is the father of Generals of the participating NERs	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the chief town of NER?	0
who is the king of NER's election winner	0
which party did NER play belong to?	0
where is the arrondissement of The main city of NER	0
where do NER's customers come from?	0
what are the people in NER part of?	0
who is the male parent of the predecessor of the successor of NER	1
what does the tenant of the location of NER work for?	1
do you know what era came from the Next to NER	0
what is the administrative district of The main city of NER	0
where was ner's father born	0
do you know where the religion of Beside NER comes from?	0
do you know what is the Legislature in Participating NER Country	0
who is the artist who posted the theme of NER	0
what era is the participating country of NER from?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Southern Site of NER	1
who is the person named by the Nominator of The title of NER	1
what is the organization run by Beside NER	0
where does the NER Client religion come from?	0
what is the southwest of the east of the location of NER	1
Whose children are NER's children?	0
who are the developers of the related products of the android smartphone model NER launched by Google and Huawei in 2015	0
who married the author of NER?	0
what time zone is used for the cities in the west of NER and the cities in the north	1
where is the title of Next to NER	0
The general who led an army NER in the Kurdistan region	0
do you know which party belongs Client of The title of NER	1
who is the tenant of the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the succession of The successor to The Front of NER	1
do you know where the birthplace of The Father of NER is?	0
what is the zoning of the site in the east of NER and the site in the north?	1
which division does a railway station NER in Uttar Pradesh belong to?	0
what is the eponymous type of NER	0
where NER's election winner died	0
which sponsor of NER belongs to?	0
what is the subdivision name of the capital of the location of NER	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the south of the home to NER	1
which type of subdivision does the south of the southwest of NER belong to?	1
NER, Wikimedia listing article, which time zone the location in the southwest of the city belongs to	1
who is the owner of the one who is alongside NER?	0
what era is the participating country of NER from?	0
A city in Washington County, Utah, United States, the location in the north of NER, the location in the southeast, which division belongs to	1
what instrument did the singer who performed for NER use	0
NER's election winner's spouse	0
what is the subdivision name of the west of the home to NER	1
NER what is the name of the leader of the previous generation in his position	1
what is the instrument used by the singer of the NER song?	0
NER where is the country area where the administrative center of its location belongs	1
what is the division of the mayor of NER?	0
do you know what is the dynasty of The descendant of NER	0
which dynasty does the legislature of the place that NER takes place belong to?	1
do you know what the Legislature is in The main body of NER chiefs	0
do you know what is the honorary prefix of Parents of NER	0
which religion does the king of the dance NER's father belong to?	0
which city does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
what is the electoral district of the east of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the religion of NER's election winner?	0
what is the subdivision name of the northwest of the location of NER	1
where does the predecessor of the candidate of NER work as a president?	1
English painter (1776-1837) who developed the subject of NER	0
what is the singer who participated in NER?	0
do you know who is the winner of the Events in NER	0
what is the type of manager of NER	0
which sport does the tenant of the location of NER play?	1
who is before the commander of NER?	0
do you know what type of NER Client is	0
where is the candidate's successor to Wall NER installed?	1
which region does the location province of NER belong to?	0
do you know who is the heir of Beside NER	0
who takes the place of the father of NER?	0
what is the previous generation of NER's customers	0
do you know who is the developer of NER Related Things	0
what dynasty does NER User's Life	1
do you know who was the last of NER's Theme	0
do you know what timezone uses The West of NER Millionaires	1
do you know where is the heir of The descendant of NER	0
which language does the common language of the user of NER belong to?	1
who is the proxy for NER's election winner?	0
do you know who is the leader of the Western NER location	1
who is the predecessor of the one who is alongside NER?	0
NER, American businessman and diplomat (1914-1993), what was the occupation of his father (mother)	0
what is the region of the city where the city in the north of NER is located?	1
what is the time zone used by NER South	0
what region of the country is the southern part of the birthplace of the Vietnamese People's Admiral NER?	1
which house does the successor of the descendant of NER belong to?	1
who is the parent of the parent of NER?	0
what is the legislature of the person or thing concerned as a result of a naval battle NER during the Peloponnesian War?	0
where is the team that won NER grounded?	0
what is the occupation of a singer who performs for NER?	0
who ruled by the descendants of NER	0
do you know what is the profession of NER Chronology?	0
what is the name of the northern province where the national team of the Czech football player NER is located?	1
where is the location in the southeast of NER's venue?	1
where does the religion of Election after NER come from	0
For NER, dj vlad's remix album, what type of singer does it perform	0
who is the one that is after election of NER?	0
who is the creator of the product or work related to NER	0
which title does the artist who sings for NER own?	0
do you know what eponymous type of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the chief town of NER	0
what is the subdivision type of the east of the district of NER?	1
who is the regnet of the successor of NER?	0
what Language Uses NER Timeline	0
do you know who will be next The busy people of NER's title	1
who is the successor of the leader of NER?	0
NER related things whose predecessor was	0
who takes the place of the deputy of the place where NER occur?	1
what is the name of the southeast side of the location of the NER national team?	1
who is the spouse of the successor of NER	0
who is the predecessor of things related to NER?	0
where is the address of NER's event	0
what is the name of the northern province where the national team of the Dutch football player NER is located?	1
what is the ethnicity of the client of NER	0
what does the country admin division of the archipelago that NER belongs to belong to?	0
do you know what language is used in NER manager	0
what is the region of the province where NER is located?	0
When is the age of the person or thing related to the result of the battle NER	0
what is the level of management in the province where NER is located?	0
do you know who is the wife of NER's ship name	0
What's wrong with The Descendant of NER	0
what is the type of NER's related products?	0
where is the constituency of Next to NER	0
do you know which musical instrument NER timeline used	0
What's before Generals of NER participating?	0
who is the spouse of NER's candidate for the previous generation	1
Wikimedia lists the location of the article NER which time zone the location in the east belongs to	1
who will be The first of The title of NER next	1
do you know which musical instrument NER timeline used	0
what is the occupation of the singer who participated in NER	0
which title does the eponym of NER own?	0
do you know what is the management level of Explanation of World NER Day Venue	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the south-west of the north-east of NER	1
which dynasty does the leader of NER belong to?	0
which country does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
which country does the leader of NER belong to?	0
what is the level of management at Northwest Eastern NER utah, united states?	1
do you know who is the father of The next term of The question of NER	1
what is the religion of the father of NER?	0
which region does the location province of NER belong to?	0
Did you know the common languages of participating NER Countries were?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of Northwest of NER spain?	0
where is the headquarters of Famous works of NER	0
who is the appointee of the title of Historian NER's spouse?	1
what is the title of the leader of the country (city) affected by NER	0
what do people influenced by American talk show host and comedian NER major in	0
what is the branch that the appointer of the title of NER belongs to?	1
do you know who the leader of the NER Host Life is	1
to which dynasty the legislature where NER is used belongs	1
who did a job before the predecessor of the premier of NER former president of the republic of china?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of The south of The northwest of NER	1
what is the identity of the location in the west of the location of the NER	1
what is the type of Alma mater of NER	0
do you know what belongs to The addition of NER	0
what is the name of the southeast side of the location of the NER national team?	1
where is the person whose name is used to name NER educated?	0
do you know who the successor to The NER Related Thing is	0
what is the timezong of NER's southern region?	0
The battle between the Goths and the Romans under Emperor Galienus (268/269) where was the birthplace of the generals of the NER	0
who leads the combatant of NER?	0
what lies in the east of the archipelago that NER belongs to?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the south of the county of NER?	1
what is the succession of Regent of The Question of NER	1
who is the father of the leader of NER	0
do you know what is the postalCodeType of Largest city in NER	0
what type of work is Japanese actress and model NER famous for	0
NER Northwest location in which region is the northern location in?	1
where is the capital (or provincial capital) of the location in the northern part of the province where the Wikimedia list article NER is located	1
who is the chairman of the client of NER?	0
where is NER's eponymous address	0
do you know what is the southeast National team location of NER	1
what is the timezong of the east of the place that NER takes place?	1
do you know what is the management level of the south west NER location	1
what is the country region of the location in the western part of the province where NER is located?	1
what is involved in the manager of the club that NER belongs to?	1
what is children of the parent of NER	0
which religion does the other name of the candidate of NER believe?	1
who is NER's creator's spouse	0
what type of sponsors are NER?	0
who is the president of NER's client?	0
what does the country admin division of the archipelago that NER belongs to belong to?	0
which label does the author of NER belong to?	0
do you know where is the head of the country of origin of NER	0
do you know who is the leader of the The life of The place of death of NER	1
which religion does the origin of NER believe's name?	0
who do the job after the mother of the successor of NER	1
who are the parents of NER's election winner	0
what is the subdivision name of the northwest of NER?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Northern Province of NER	1
who is the successor of NER's general in the war between Bolivia and Paraguay	0
what is the affiliation of the team that the American basketball player NER is on?	0
which general leads NER-related events	0
who is the head of the Alma mater of NER	0
do you know which is the largest city in the Cities affected by NER	0
who do the job after the leader of NER?	0
what is the subdivision name of the west of the east of NER?	1
Location of NER what is the status of the location in the Northeast	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the southeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
city in Emory County, Utah, United States, where is the location in the northwest of NER, where is the location in the south?	1
what is the name of the southern waters of the southern part of the Kowloon City Council constituency NER in Hong Kong?	0
what is the next term of the The descendant of NER	0
what are the labels of NER's famous works	0
who is the one that is after election of NER?	0
which series belongs to the related things of the android smartphone model NER launched by Google and Huawei in 2015	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the province where the NER is located	0
do you know who is the President of Election after NER	0
who is the heir of Client de NER	0
what happened in the event involved in NER?	0
what is the zip code for the location in the west of NER?	1
which dynasty does the legislature of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
what lies on the east of the country that is affected by NER	0
what is the program that is before NER's famous works?	0
where is the location in the south of where NER, the US Army Medal of Honor recipient, died?	1
which city does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
When was the country involved in the events related to NE established	0
what is the title of the car that NER is related to?	0
in which city is NER's alma mater?	0
which house does the regnet of the predecessor of NER belong to?	1
Wikimedia disambiguation page what is the legislature of the previous generation's successor to NER	1
do you know what religion The person who affects NER philosopher and university teacher (1806-1871) believes in?	0
what is the name of the province in the northern county of NER?	0
do you know what is the title of The area where NER is used?	0
which dynasty does the successor of NER live in?	0
do you know what the Department of Spouse of NER is	1
where was the person named NER born	0
who is the family of things related to NER?	0
do you know what time zone uses South of The stadium where the NER took place	1
which religion does the one who is alongside NER belong to?	0
who is the director of NER's theme	0
who leads the legislature of the death place of NER?	1
do you know in which country is the Alma mater of NER	0
NER where did its events take place	0
which type of post code does the northwest of the home to NER belong to?	1
what is the occupation of the author of NER	0
what is the level of management at the Northwest of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what preceded the county that NER belongs to?	0
do you know what kind of NER addition	0
do you know where the garrison of the Part of NER's place of death is?	1
do you know where the person who affects NER works	0
which region does the car that NER is related to belong to?	0
what titles does the father (mother) of the American politician NER have?	0
what musical instrument did the singer who played for NER use	0
what is the timezong of the southeast of the place that NER takes place?	1
where is the capital (or provincial capital) of the country (city) affected by NER	0
who made the work that American screenwriter NER is known for?	0
do you know what is the neighborhood of The North West of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what happened in the country that the caption of NER belongs to?	1
who is the male parent of the client of NER?	0
who is the spouse of the founding emperor of NER's party	1
what is the mother of The father of NER	0
do you know what timezone uses Southwest from NER Millionaires	1
what is the management level at NER Division	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Southeastern NER Millionaires	1
what is the established title of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
which industry is the client of NER from?	0
which dynasty did the descendants of the mother of the Austrian Grand Duchess NER belong to?	1
what series do NER's parents belong to?	0
what is the title of the successor of NER?	0
who are the manufacturers of NER related products	0
who is the father of The next term of The question of NER	1
who are the successors of NER's parents?	0
do you know who your next club's wife is from NER's title	1
which house does the legislature of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
what is the timezong of NER's southern region?	0
what does the status of the northeast of the location of NER belong to?	1
who is the leader of the country of birth of NER	0
what is the time zone of Southern NER	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the southwest of the West of NER utah, united states?	1
what is the zip code of the district (division) to which NER belongs	0
A town in Pinnacle County, Utah, USA, where is the location in the southwest of NER, where is the location in the east?	1
what is the birthplace of NER Coach	0
who is the next generation of NER's successor?	1
The common languages of the participating NER Country is?	0
what is the level of management at East of NER location	1
who leads the east of the location of NER	1
what time zone is the location in the southwest of the city where the Wikimedia listing article NER is located	1
do you know who is the Election Officer after NER 1924?	0
do you know what the eponymous era of NER is?	0
do you know who is the head of the country of origin of NER	0
where is the birthplace of the descendants of NER's spouse	1
which offspring did NER play?	0
what is the nickname of Alma mater de NER	0
who is the star of NER related things	0
where does the team that won NER work as a president?	0
Whose predecessor did the NER name come from?	0
which school does the author of NER belong to?	0
where do the artists who sing NER songs come from?	0
From what era did the Next to NER	0
do you know what time zone uses Northwest NER Southwest utah, united states?	1
where were the predecessors of NER's previous generation born?	1
what is the name of the administrative division of Western NER Millionaires	1
do you know what is the Client product of NER	0
what is the northwest of the county that NER belongs to?	0
do you know that before The event that occurs in NER is?	0
who is the leader of the combatant of NER?	0
which state does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
do you know what the predecessor of The Children of NER is	0
Empress of the Roman Empire, who was the ruler of the descendants of Constantine the Great's mother (250-330) NER	0
where is the one that is after election of NER located?	0
who married the predecessor of the successor of NER?	1
do you know where responsible for NER come from	0
where did Wallner's election winners live?	0
where are the heirs of The question of The mother of NER	1
what is the name of the place east of the largest city in NER?	0
which series does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
do you know where the manager of NER is	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Southeastern Place of NER	1
do you know what is the management level of Northern Birthplace of NER	1
who is the spouse of the leader of NER?	0
what is the alma mater of NER's father (mother)	0
which title does the person whose name is used to name NER own?	0
do you know who the lead actor is for NER	0
what is the national system for marking events established by the venue of NER?	1
what is the type of Alma mater of NER	0
what wars were there in the era when names were used to name people NER	0
what are the titles of NER's generals?	0
what type of company is NER's sponsor?	0
who legislates the rulers of the descendants of the Burgundian king NER?	1
who makes the law of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
which product belongs to the client of NER	0
what instrument did the singer play for the beach boys album NER	0
which province does the birth place of the descendant of NER belong to?	1
who is the successor to the trustee of the former castle NER in the Netherlands?	0
what is the location of the alma mater of NER	0
what is the timezong of the south of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the heir of Client of NER	0
do you know what is the title of Children of Spouse of NER	1
do you know what is the region of NER County	0
who married the event happened in NER?	0
do you know what kind of NER south one season football team is?	0
who are the parents of NER's parents	0
who did a job before NER's related products?	0
do you know who is the heir of Beside NER	0
do you know what is the honorary prefix of Parents of NER journalist, and broadcaster?	0
which title does the predecessor of the descendant of NER own?	1
what is the type of the battle that NER is involved?	0
NER what is the award for the origin of its name	0
which canton does the northwest of NER france, belong to?	0
what party are the parents of the Ukrainian ex-Russian politician NER?	0
what are the products of NER's customers	0
do you know where is the alma mater of NER	0
where did the origin of NER study's name?	0
which is the capital of the event that starts the stadium that NER takes place?	1
NER's location what area is the east location in?	1
which political system does the country that is affected by NER belong to?	0
what is East in NER County	0
who are the participating teams of managers of NER club locations?	1
what is the constituency of the one that is after election of NER?	0
what is the name of the ocean on the northwest side of NER's county?	0
do you know what the education level of NER addition is?	0
who is the heir of Predecessor of Your next NER club	1
do you know who is the Prime Minister of Next to NER	0
who does the controller of NER staffordshire, work for?	0
what is before The stadium where the NER national team played	1
which country does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the post code type of the alma mater of NER?	0
what is the northwest of the county that NER belongs to?	0
where did the one who is alongside NER die?	0
what is the legislature of The main body of NER chiefs	0
which president does the leader of the Iraqi Kurdish politician NER serve for?	0
what is the time zone for places in the northwest of NER	0
where do ner's parents work	0
what is the title of the person who made an impact on NER	0
what time zone uses Eastern NER's location	1
which event belongs to the bay that NER is famous for?	0
where do the people who are named NER live	0
do you know where Election's alma mater is after NER	0
what is the subdivision type of the southwest of the location of NER	1
who was the The front of The stadium where the NER took place before	1
what is the provincial capital of the location west of the city where the Wikimedia list article NER belongs	1
who is the last of the bay that NER is famous for?	0
what is the title of the man who influenced NER?	0
what is the series of NER-related products?	0
who does the job after the one who is alongside NER?	0
what is the language used in The province where the NER is located	0
what is the subdivision name of the northwest of NER spain?	0
who are the affiliates of Alma mater de NER	0
what does the team that won NER work for?	0
which party does NER's candidate's predecessor belong to?	1
who is the founding emperor of NER's dynasty?	1
do you know who the parents of Les enfants du NER statesman, and writer, first prime minister of india (1889-1964) are?	0
which affiliation does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
what is the occupation of the singer who participated in NER	0
what is west to southwest of NER's address	1
who is the mother of the client of NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Southeastern NER Millionaires	1
what is the timezong of the southwest of the northwest of NER?	1
who is the mother of Client of NER	0
who managed the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know what is the source of the The sea around the NER	0
NER, Wikimedia list article, who is the mother of the naming source of the city it belongs to	1
which industry does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
what is the type of The thing related to NER	0
what type of company is the sponsor of the annual music festival NER established in 2012	0
who is the predecessor of the one that is after election of NER?/ who is the father of the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know which party belongs to Next to NER	0
do you know what is the south west of NER county england?	0
who is the mother of the name that the county of NER is named for?	1
what is related to the product or work related to NER	0
what is the typical subdivision of the northwest of the region of NER?	1
what language uses the Things related to NERs	0
whose ancestor is the commander of NER?	0
where are NER's sponsors?	0
do you know who are the generals involved in the Events in NER	0
do you know what is the profession of The addition of NER	0
which mountain range does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
who is NER's father's successor?	0
NER, the season of a football team, what region does the administrative center of its venue belong to in the country	1
what is the job of the author of NER?	0
what is the company type of NER's related products?	0
what time zone does NER's Northwest location belong to?	0
what dynasty does the successor of NER's descendants belong to?	1
what is the warrior of the event of NER?	0
what is the location of the national team of NER	1
where is the biggest city of the people, things and things with the same name as NER?	0
do you know which branch Election belongs to after NER	0
what is the genre of NER's famous work	0
what is the region of the chief town of NER?	0
who gives the honorific suffix of the leader of NER	0
who is the last of the title of NER?	1
which river is the the singer who participated in NER originated from?	0
what is the event of the cause of NER	0
what is the address of the leader of NER	0
do you know what the job of NER's name is	0
where is NER's eponymous address	0
who managed the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know what happened in The era of NER	0
what is the label of the country of birth of the schedule NER?	0
which series does NER belong to-related products?	0
do you know what time zone uses Northwest of NER	0
what is the start of the country that is spoken NER?	0
do you know who are the affiliates of Alma mater of NER	0
do you know where is the city of NER team	0
where is the position of the Events in NER	0
which institution does the leader of NER belong to?	0
what is the time zone of the location in the east of the Wikimedia listing article NER	1
what is the nationality of the predecessor of the predecessor of NER	1
NER, the first prime minister of India (1889-1964), what is the previous generation of his children	0
who is the spouse of the leader of NER?	0
do you know who is the president of Beside NER	0
NER's headquarters address, which division does the location in the southwest belong to?	1
do you know what musical instrument NER Chronology	0
who legislates the country of birth of NER?	0
what is the birthplace of Generals of NER participants?	0
what are the seats Title of the NER constituency label	1
do you know who is the developer of NER Things	0
which title does the combatant of NER belong to?	0
what is the location of the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who rents the stadium that the national team that NER belongs to takes place?	1
who was the The front of The title of NER before	1
which religion do the leaders of NER believe in?	0
who makes the law of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what religion does NER's father believe in?	0
do you know what is the management level of the East of the South West of NER	1
what is the title of Bulgarian footballer NER's birth country leader?	0
what type of children are NER's children?	0
NER, wwe's 2011 elimination room pay per view, where are its sponsors stationed	0
what is the profession of The addition of NER	0
where is the administrative center of the province where NER is located	0
NER what is the district type of the location of its home northwest	1
What's wrong with The Descendant of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the father of Emperor Kam's son NER?	0
which religion do NER generals believe in?	0
what area is the mayor of NER in?	0
what is the cause of NER related events?	0
which program is before NER-related products?	0
what is the profession of NER's eponymous	0
who is the spouse of NER's election winner	0
which empire does NER's general belong to?	0
which administrative region does the archipelago where NER belong to?	0
do you know what is the traditional shape of the forward of NER's club?	1
where did the inaugural of the title of NER die?	1
do you know who is the predecessor of The leader of NER	0
do you know what NER's eponymous job is	0
do you know what is the nickname of Alma mater of NER	0
do you know what is the management level of the province where the NER is located	0
do you know what currency is used in Cities affected by NER	0
what is the zoning of the location in the southeast of NER's home field for the college basketball season?	1
what religion do the descendants of the former king of Nepal belong to?	0
which era does the combatant of NER belong to?	0
do you know which musical instrument NER timeline used	0
which branch does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the religion of the combatant of NER	0
what is the national team of The name of NER	0
do you know who is the heir of The mother of The successor of NER	1
when is the person whose name is used to name NER born?	0
do you know who owns Next to NER	0
which office does the incumbent of the title of NER belong to?	1
what is the party of the parent of NER?	0
do you know who was the Next to NER before	0
do you know what the traditional form of the NER leader is?	0
do you know what time zone uses South of The stadium where the NER was held	1
which event belongs to the country of birth of NER?	0
who are the descendants of NER's clients?	0
do you know what is the succession of The leader of NER	0
do you know who are the tenants of L'avant de The stadium where the NER took place?	1
who is the leader of the The leader of the NER	0
who gives the honorific suffix of the children of NER?	0
do you know where is the administration of La mer around the NER	0
what is the predecessor of Wallner's election winner?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of The main city of NER	0
what is the name of the alma mater of the person named NER?	0
which dynasty is the one that is after election of NER born?	0
what is the administrative district of The main city of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the father of NER	0
who are the descendants of Silla Queen NER's father?	0
do you know the producer of Notable Works of NER	0
where does the one that is after election of NER work as a president?	0
who is the key people of the sponsor of NER?	0
what are the types of sponsors for NER	0
who do the job after the client of NER	0
do you know what the NER Location Release Event	1
who married the origin of NER's name?	0
NER which region type its province belongs to	0
what is the subdivision type of the east of the southwest of NER utah, united states?	1
what is the race of NER Client	0
do you know who was the front of NER's question before?	1
what is the status of the combatant of NER?	0
what is the religion of the father of NER	0
which genre does the author of NER belong to?	0
What's the label of the singer of the NER song	0
where did NER's team die?	0
what is the nationality of the leader of NER?	0
where is the western part of the city where NER's team is located?	0
who is the successor of the descendants of NER?	0
who is the successor to the previous generation of NER's provincial premier?	1
what is the region of the city in the north of NER and the city in the west?	1
who is the starring role of NER's related products?	0
do you know what is the management level of The main city of NER	0
who is the successor president of NER's venue	1
where is the alma mater of the one who is alongside NER	0
who is the most important person in NER's sponsorship	0
do you know who Election after NER is loyal to?	0
which timezone does the southwest of the north of NER belong to?	1
which district does the location in the northwest of NER's venue belong to?	1
who is the spouse of the successor of the next generation of Egyptian pharaoh NER?	1
in which area is the southern part of the city where the Wikimedia list article NER belongs?	1
what is the sport of NER related events?	0
what time zone uses North of Southwest NER	1
who is the successor to Famous Works by NER	0
do you know who is the father of The leader of NER	0
do you know what north is in NER County	0
what is the type of the sponsor of NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the east of the location of NER	1
do you know where is the Client region of The title of NER	1
what is the format of the one that is after election of NER	0
where did the other name of the candidate of NER study?	1
do you know what is the problem of Generals of the participating NERs	0
which type does the client of NER belong to?	0
which type of subdivision does the southwest of the location of NER belong to?	1
where does the eponym of NER take place?	0
what is the nationality of the one that is after election of NER?	0
where is the leader of The winner of NER	0
who did a job before the successor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the star of NER's book	0
what are the labels of singers who participated in NER?	0
who is the Head of the Participating NER Country	0
what language is the subject of NER communicated in?	0
NER's creator's tag what	0
what is the death place of the father of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the north of the location of NER?	1
who did the origin of the NER name affect?	0
what is the currency unit of the controller of NER	0
what is the parent class of the sponsor of the tv series NER	0
which region does the county that NER belongs to belong to?	0
who is the successor of the previous generation of NER candidates?	1
which program is before NER's famous works?	0
do you know where the borough of The main city of NER is located?	0
where does the NER election winner belong?	0
do you know who is next to the Generals of the participating NERs	0
what type of subject was the English painter (1776-1837) NER	0
what is the rank of Wallner's election winner?	0
who did a job before the spouse of the descendant of NER?	1
what is the leading of the combatant of NER?	0
which battle does the leader of NER take part in?	0
who is the parent of the father of NER?	0
which battle does the one that is after election of NER take part in?	0
what is the level of the leader of NER?	0
do you know which league NER team volleyball player will play in?	0
where the descendants of the consorts of the Kings of Tonga (1874-1918) NER are buried	1
The common languages of the NER era is?	0
where was the birthplace of NER's coach	0
which religion does the people who influence NER belong to?	0
which royal house does the predecessor of the descendant of NER belong to?	1
who is the heir of Beside NER	0
which type of subdivision does the east of the venue that NER is held belong to?	1
A mountain range in the northwest of Riverside County, California, the location in the north of NER, the location in the southwest, which time zone it belongs to	1
do you know who will be the next NER-related stuff	0
where does the alma mater of NER work as a president?	0
what is the deathpalce of the eponym of NER?	0
where does the person whose name is used to name NER live?	0
what is the occupation of the creator of NER	0
A town in Wayne County, Utah, United States, the location in the west of NER, the location in the south, and which division does the location belong to?	1
do you know what is the management level of NER south	0
what is the location of the northwest of the location of NER?	1
which label does the author of NER elvis costello, work for?	0
what is the subdivision type of the west of the southeast of NER utah, united states?	1
what is the time zone used by Northern Southeastern NER utah, united states?	1
which label does the author of NER belong to?	0
NER, located in bergwerk in mosambik, what is the zoning of its province	0
do you know what is the title of The Children of the NER	0
what are the countries of participating NER related events	0
which house does the client of NER italy which is now used as a museum, belong to?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the southwest of the west of NER?	1
NER, the Chemical Weapons Disposal Facility in Toole County, Utah, USA, what time zone is used for its Northeast location and its Northwest location	1
which city does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
which type does the location of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
who is the predecessor of the parent of NER?	0
who is the leader of the The winner of NER	0
where is the birthplace of the artist who sings NER songs	0
what is the language of the location province of NER?	0
do you know when the NER Chronology	0
what time zone is used in the province where NER is located?	0
what is the dynasty to which Your next club belongs to The question of NER	1
who is the coach of the professional basketball small forward NER's team?	0
do you know what royal family belonged to The ruler of NER	0
who is NER's team that directed the work?	0
who is the successor of the leader of NER	0
who is the spouse of the artist who sings for NER?	0
what is the south of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the name of the alma mater of the successor of the owner of NER?	1
where does The Person who Affects NER	0
which industry does the client of NER belong to?	0
what takes the place of the leader of NER	0
what is the postal code of Western NER location	1
where is the location of the North West NER location	1
who is the Prime Minister of Election after NER	0
what race was the person who influenced the American engineer and inventor NER?	0
who is the male parent of the leader of NER?	0
To which dynasty did the successors of the descendants of the kings of Sweden and Norway belong to NER from 1844-1859	1
do you know what time zone uses South East of NER location	1
do you know where is the Area region covered by the NER location	1
what is originated from the one that is after election of NER?	0
what is the zoning of the location in the south of the NER and the location in the east?	1
where is the birthplace of NER's general	0
which region does the location province of NER belong to?	0
who are the children of the parents of NER	0
do you know what is the name of administrative district of Capital of NER location	1
what is before NER's descendant	0
who is the president of NER's alma mater	0
where is the birthplace of the one who is alongside NER	0
what is the Country title of participating NER	0
what is the predecessor of The Father of NER	0
which religion do the leaders of NER believe in?	0
how to abbreviate a person or thing with the same name as NER?	0
Whose predecessor was the descendant of NER, the wife of King Henry IV of England	1
NER, a French football club's season whose venue was rented by the previous generation	1
who is the spouse of the leader of NER?	0
which region does the east of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
do you know what is the postal code of The North West of NER site	1
what is North County NER suffolk, england?	0
what are the sports of the NER Coach	0
where are the heirs of The father of NER	0
town in Millard County, Utah, United States, the location in the southeast of NER, the location in the west, to which division does the location belong?	1
which dynasty does the client of NER belong to?	0
who produced the theme of NER?	0
what area does the location in the northwest of NER belong to?	1
do you know who is the mother of Your next club from The question of NER	1
where do the voters for the leader of the NER come from?	0
which timezone does the south of the home to NER belong to?	1
NER what instrument did its creator use	0
do you know who was the Next to NER before?	0
what is the type of NER Theme	0
what is the time zone of the location in the northeast of NER and the location in the north	1
what is the affiliation that the alma mater of NER politician and local historian, belongs to?	0
NER related things are produced by which company	0
who makes the law of the country of birth of NER?	0
what happened in Events in NER	0
who led the legislature where NER died	1
what is the title of the descendant of the regnet of NER?	1
what is the time zone of a city in Cage County, Utah, United States of a location in the north of NER, a location in the southwest of a location	1
who will be next to NER next	0
which city does the location of the headquarter of NER belong to?	1
which genre does the author of NER belong to?	0
do you know who is the father of responsible for NER	0
Names in NER, a season of football teams and what is the positioning of the people in them	0
where the person or thing related to the NER-induced result belongs	0
where is the title of The leader of NER	0
who commanded NER related events?	0
what instrument did the creator of NER use	0
which state does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
what the dutch tennis player NER's off-hand is called	0
which team does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
what is the surrounding city of the predecessor of the stadium of NER?	1
who was the L'avant Predecessor of NER before	1
which is the capital of the location of NER related events?	0
do you know what is the official text of the Master of NER	0
who leads the country that is affected by NER?	0
do you know what is the predecessor of Generals of the participating NERs	0
do you know who will be the next NER-related stuff	0
who is NER's father's successor?	0
which sport does the coach of NER work for?	0
which league does the tenant of the location of NER belong to?	1
what does the common language of the user of NER belong to?	1
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the descendant of NER?	1
which title does the event of NER own?	0
what are the countries of events in NER participating?	0
which type of subdivision does the north of the east of NER belong to?	1
who married the father of NER	0
do you know in which country is the NER Chronology	0
who is the successor of NER's related products (works)	0
do you know who is the wife of Next to NER	0
what is the time zone of the location in the east of the Wikimedia listing article NER	1
do you know where the headquarters of the NER Client is located	0
which time zone does the administrative center of NER's area belong to?	1
where does the one that is after election of NER live?	0
do you know what is the dynasty of The descendant of NER	0
what is the subdivision type of the south of the country admin division of NER?	1
what titles do NER teams have?	0
which title does the southwest of the stadium that NER takes place own?	1
what is the occupation of NER, the predecessor of the Holy Roman Empress, the descendants of the Holy Roman Empress	1
do you know who will be the next self-titled NER	0
what is the program that is before the works that make NER known?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of South of The place of death of NER	1
what is originated from the one that is after election of NER?	0
where is the Alma Mater of NER's parents	0
what is the ending of the successor of the country that NER founded?	1
who is the president of NER's alma mater	0
what is the type of NER Theme	0
do you know what Tenants of NER's location does?	1
which timezone does the north of the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the title of the commander of NER	0
Whose predecessor did Japanese politician NER play	0
which type of government does the event that starts the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
who are the tenants of The stadium where the NER national team took place	1
who is the NER team manager for fall 2016-2017?	0
do you know what is the legislature in NER national team location	1
where is the origin of NER educated's name?	0
what is the eastern part of the county of NER	0
which timezone does the northwest of the home to NER belong to?	1
where did NER's eponymous death	0
what is the instrument that the singer who performed for NER plays?	0
do you know where Generals of the participating NERs died?	0
what is the level of management in Northwest of NER spain?	0
where is the birthplace of NER's election winner	0
do you know that before The stadium where the National team of NER took place is?	1
which dynasty does the father of NER belong to?	0
what is the region of the east of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the winner of the Events in NER	0
where is the alma mater of the one who is alongside NER?	0
who married the commander of NER?	0
what is the name of the place in the southeast of NER's county?	0
what titles do descendants of NER have	0
NER, compilation album series, what instrument did the successor of its creator use	1
what is the postalCodeType of The sea around the NER	0
who is the successor of the leader of NER?	0
do you know where the religion of your next NER club comes from?	1
who starred in the theme of NER?	0
what series do the children of WWE and boxing promoter NER belong to?	0
what is the leader name of the predecessor of the location of NER?	1
what is the latest show of NER Things	0
what is the origin of the county of NER	0
where is the alma mater of the leader of NER	0
where is the birthplace of the previous generation of the title of NER	1
where is the title of L'avant de The stadium where the NER took place	1
what religion does the person or thing related to the result caused by NER believe in?	0
where is the address of NER related events	0
NER, the American college basketball season, which area is the west of its home court?	1
which is the successor to the NER-related products in a series of tablets produced by Apple?	0
where is the client of NER born?	0
what religion does Participating NER Country believe in?	0
what are the Southern Waters of NER's Theme	0
do you know what type of zoning is in The largest city in the NER	0
who takes the place of the successor of NER?	0
where was ner's father born	0
what are the predecessors of the descendants of the landowners NER of Friesland and Groningen (1687-1711)	0
do You Know what The Internet Is In The Age Of NER Theme	0
who is earlier than the predecessor of the successor of NER	1
who is the predecessor of the successor of the deputy of NER	1
what is the title of the predecessor of the place that NER takes place?	1
what is the origin of the events involved in NER, an aspect of East Asian history	0
where is NER's eponymous birthplace	0
which house does the successor of the descendant of NER king of bohemia, and his first wife, elisabeth of bohemia. she was the first wife of king john ii of france, belong to?	1
what is the manufacturer of NER Related Things	0
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is influenced by the origin of NER's name?	0
what is the subdivision type of the southeast of the home to NER	1
do you know what happened in The winner of NER	0
what is the religion of the successor of NER?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the southwest of the northeast of NER utah, united states?	1
who leads the legislature of the host of NER	1
do you know where is the alma mater of Next to NER	0
do you know what is the house of The descendant of NER	0
do you know who are the children of the eponym of NER	0
A town in Sevier County, Utah, United States, what is the area of NER, the location in the northwest of the location, and the location in the south?	1
do you know what time zone uses NER South	0
which race does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the person whose name is used to name NER known for?	0
what is the level of management at South West of NER	1
what is originated from the one that is after election of NER?	0
where is the capital (or provincial capital) of the flag event established by the venue of the NER	1
what is the title of the parent of NER?	0
what is the southeast of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
do you know who is the president of the Parents of NER	0
do you know what language is used in NER Theme	0
what is related to The NER Related Thing	0
do you know who is the president of Your next Premier club of NER	1
do you know where the Alma mater of NER is?	0
who created the bay that NER is famous for?	0
do you know what is the title of The question of The mother of NER	1
which currency is used in the country that is affected by NER?	0
who is the publisher of NER's topic	0
who is the NER Theme Artist	0
do you know which series the head of NER belongs to	0
do you know what time zone uses North of South of NER	1
where did NER's election winner's voters come from?	0
what is the name of the province to the north of the largest city in NER?	0
where are the tenants of the NER's venue?	1
what is the position of the event happened in NER?	0
what is the source of information of the archipelago that NER belongs to?	0
what is the timezong of the east of the location of NER	1
which religion does the eponym of NER belong to?	0
what includes the name included in the NER?	0
who developed the combatant of NER?	0
what is the occupation of the singer of the Korean TV series NER song in 2016	0
which country is the election winner of Wall NER?	0
whose ancestor is the successor of NER?	0
do you know where is the Northwest of NER location	1
what is the family of the parent of NER?	0
which league does the tenant of the NER position play for?	1
where is the title of L'avant de The stadium where the NER took place	1
NER, British politician (born 1950), what titles does its leader hold	0
where did the people who influenced the Soviet agronomists and biologists (1898-1976) NER work	0
what is the title of Persons affected by an NER	0
NER, the former kingdom of the Iberian peninsula, what dynasty did its leader belong to	0
who is the heir to NER-related things	0
do you know what south is in NER County	0
what are the types of singers participating in NER	0
do you know where the birthplace of NER's name is?	0
what is in the charge of the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know where is the leader of The winner of NER	0
who is the successor of the successor of the place where NER is held?	1
who are the descendants of NER's descendants	0
who is before the commander of NER	0
what is the latest performance of The notable works of NER	0
who wrote the sponsor of NER?	0
what is the location in the north of the city where NER is located and what is in the southeast	1
do You Know what The NER Related Thing's Predecessor Is	0
what is the northeast of the Cities affected by NER	0
which district does the location to the south of NER belong to?	0
who does the person whose name is used to name NER influence?	0
who was the NER leader before	0
do you know who is the head of the The head of the NER	0
what is the religion of the participating countries of NER?	0
who is the male parent of the country that the caption of NER founded?	1
which province is the location province of NER settled in?	0
which timezone does NER belong to's southern region?	0
who is the successor of the father of the princess NER of the Han Dynasty?	0
what is the organizational model of the municipal management of the south-west of The stadium where the NER took place	1
where is the one that is after election of NER located?	0
what is the title of the one that is after election of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the one that is after election of NER?/ who is the father of the one that is after election of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of NER book and manga,'s record company?	0
Was used to name NER, a lunar crater and what race was it's people	0
where is the capital of the event that starts the stadium that NER takes place located?	1
where is the headquarter of the record company that issued NER book and manga?	0
do you know what the specialty of The Chef of NER is	0
do you know where is the heir of The winner of NER	0
who leads the location province of NER?	0
who will be NER's car racing team next?	0
where is the capital of Southern Location of NER	1
what area is the location in the south of NER's home ground?	1
who is the regnet of the father of NER?	0
To which dynasty did the client of a palace NER in Ukraine belong to	0
what is the name of the ocean to the south of the largest city in NER USA?	0
what is the common language of the Events in NER	0
what is the title of the parent of NER?	0
who is the president of NER's Alma mater	0
which religion does the country that is spoken NER belong to?	0
who is the leader of the province where NER is located	0
do you know what religion believes The winner of NER	0
what is the flag event established by NER's country of birth	0
what is the type of NER's team?	0
who is the predecessor of the leader of NER	0
what is the type of manager of NER	0
who is the leader of the combatant of NER?	0
what is the name of the predecessor of the club that NER belongs to?	1
who takes the place of the car that NER is related to?	0
Did you know the common languages of participating NER Countries were?	0
who leads the predecessor of the location of NER	1
where is Famous Works by NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the location province of NER	0
which language is used in the singer of NER	0
what area does the location in the east of NER's venue belong to?	1
where did the deputy of the title of NER live?	1
where is the title of The NER team	0
do you know who is the head of Events in NER	0
what is the nickname of the person in the ner of american basketball players and coaches	0
which type does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
who was influenced by the person whose name was used to name NER?	0
which club does the coach of the club that NER belongs to belong to?	1
who is the predecessor of the coach of NER?	0
who developed things related to NER	0
what is the title leader of the event that starts the location of NER	1
what is birth place of the successor of NER	0
who is the director of the notable work of NER?	0
what is the level of management at East of NER location	1
NER what is the name of the southern waters of its province	0
do you know what the target of Famous Works by NER	0
what is the honorific prefix for the parents of the Malaysian politician NER	0
NER what is the time zone of its location northwest of the city	1
do you know what the region of NER County australia is?	0
where was the leader of the turkish politician NER born	0
what is the level of management in North East of North West of NER	1
do you know where is the capital of Master of NER canada?	0
what is the level of management at East of NER South utah, united states?	1
The location of the football team's season NER, which division does the location in the Southwest belong to?	1
who does the job after things related to NER?	0
where is the descendant of the spouse of NER buried?	1
what is the event of the cause of NER?	0
Who's next show for the work that made the Japanese manga artist NER known	0
what type of children are NER's children?	0
do you know which club currently owns The name of NER	0
which club does the coach of the club that NER belongs to belong to?	1
what are the products responsible for NER	0
what does the common language of the user of NER belong to?	1
who is the successor of NER's general	0
where is the eponymous title of NER	0
what is the location of the children of NER?	0
who are the children of the NER Client	0
what is the series of things related to NER?	0
what area does NER's county belong to?	0
which team does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
which province lies in the north of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the political system of the Cities affected by NER	0
what is east of the county of NER england	0
which type of government does the southwest of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
what is the timezong of the southwest of the north of NER california?	1
what is the occupation of the singer of NER	0
where did Election die after NER	0
do you know what is the nationality of Election after NER	0
do you know where is the heir of The question of The mother of NER	1
what is the leader party of the location province of NER germany?	0
what language do the creators of Amy Skye, Beth Nelson Chapman, Olivia Newton John's album NER speak	0
what is the previous generation of NER's father	0
what is the NER Location Release Event, A Football Team Season?	1
which country is NER's sponsor?	0
what is the subdivision type of the east of the south of NER?	1
what is the Northwest Territory of the Nationality of the American Missionary NER?	1
do you know that before NER's descendant is?	0
what is the dynasty to which the person or thing related to the consequences of the battle NER belongs?	0
do you know who will be next Next to NER	0
what is the profession of NER Timeline	0
who is the predecessor of the one that is after election of NER	0
do you know where is the Notable works of NER	0
where does The person who affects NER writer (1876-1924) work?	0
what is the title of First Predecessor of NER	1
From what era came the Election after NER	0
who led the NER, a parliament founded by clive palmer whose party holds seats	0
who is the producer of the artist who sang NER songs	0
what is the nationality of the singer who performed for NER?	0
where NER's election winner died	0
which team takes part in the division that NER belongs to?	0
what is the type of the alma mater of NER	0
what is the subdivision type of the north of the birth place of NER?	1
do You Know who Is NER's Timeline Wife	0
which house does the successor of the descendant of NER belong to?	1
what is the alma mater of NER's candidate's predecessor?	1
do you know who the wife of NER addition is	0
where did NER play work?	0
do you know what is the Legislature in Participating NER Country	0
which league does NER's team play in?	0
who is the deputy of the leader of NER?	0
who are the children of Pakistan's 11th and 13th Prime Minister NER?	0
NER, 2014 Selangor football season, what time zone is the location in the south of its venue	1
what is the NER County area	0
what is the type of politics in the participating countries of NER?	0
what is the follow-up to NER's book?	0
what is the level of management in Northern Birthplace of NER	1
what is the religion of the father of NER?	0
what is the dynasty of Generals of the participating NERs	0
what does the creator of NER do?	0
Who's next show of NER fame	0
who directed the theme of NER?	0
who are the leaders of the participating countries of NER?	0
who is the agent of the leader of the North Korean politician NER?	0
The name of the leader of the province where NER is located is	0
do you know who NER's parents were before	0
what is the name of the place southeast of NER's birth country?	0
who is the leader of the event that starts the location of NER?	1
what is the occupation of the origin of NER's name?	0
do you know what the craft of NER's addition is?	0
do you know who Election after NER is loyal to	0
who is NER's next eponymous term	0
what is the subdivision name of the east of the place that NER takes place?	1
do you know what the program format of The Title of NER's Location is?	1
do you know what is the style of The Heir of NER title	1
Carolingian emperor (839-888) (r. 881-888) what was the previous generation of the predecessor of the NER	1
which network is the subject of NER?	0
what is the realm of origin of the NER name	0
what is the name of the leader of the person whose name is in the Wikimedia list article NER?	0
which award is the person whose name is used to name NER given?	0
what religion does NER's descendant believe in?	0
what is the next term of the The descendant of NER	0
do you know where is the area of Northeast Place of NER	1
do you know where Election after NER died?	0
what lies in the southeast of the country of birth of NER	0
who are the successors of Taiwanese politician and lawyer NER's father and mother?	0
NER what time zone is used for its location in the southeast	1
NER, a political party within the Indian Empire whose leader was the previous generation of monarchs	1
which dynasty does the cause of NER live in?	0
what is the zoning of the location in the southwest of NER's headquarters address?	1
what religion does NER's father believe in?	0
who did a job before the one that is after election of NER?	0
who are the teams participating in the NER league?	0
what is the address of the leader of NER	0
do you know where is the birthplace of Generals of the participating NERs	0
what is the political type of the county of NER Australia	0
which event belongs to the country that is spoken NER?	0
where is the Area region covered by the NER location	1
where is the tomb of The question of Husband of NER	1
who do the job after the parent of NER	0
what is the eastern part of NER's birth country?	0
what is the predecessor of the descendant of NER king of hungary and bohemia?	1
where is the region of The province where the NER is located	0
what is the time zone used by Southwest NER Millionaires	1
what is the language of the creators of NER	0
who was the products related to NER before?	0
what does the title of the previous generation of the Danish politician NER belong to?	1
which had a significant impact on the eponymous career of NER	0
in which state is NER's alma mater?	0
which general led the events of NER	0
what is the office of the parent of NER	0
NER, recipient of the U.S. Army Medal of Honor (1887-1944), what war was the last of his title	1
do you know what was the last show of NER Related Things	0
do you know where is the title of The front of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what is the dynasty of The father of NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of the North of The stadium where the NER took place	1
who is the spouse of the leader of NER?	0
do you know what is the title of Famous Works by NER	0
do you know what's in the west of NER Affected Towns	0
what is the one that is after election of NER awarded?	0
what is the predecessor of Parents of NER	0
do you know what the royal family belonged to The leader of NER	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of NER ponent, lleida province, spain?	0
which type of subdivision does the northeast of the city that NER lives in belong to?	1
who is the producer of the theme of Universal Theme Park Attraction NER?	0
what is the timezong of the north of the west of NER catalonia, spain?	1
what is the state party of the archipelago that NER belongs to?	0
what is the next mandate of the coach of NER	0
what eponymous domain of NER belongs to	0
do you know what type of settlement is in the Western Province of NER	1
A city in Emory County, Utah, United States, NER, location in the southwest, location in the northwest, location in what time zone	1
what is the level of management at Northeast of Northwestern NER utah, united states?	1
what is the title leader of the combatant of NER?	0
what is the leader name of the predecessor of the location of NER	1
what is the religion of the successor of the previous generation of NER?	1
what religion does NER's descendant believe in?	0
do you know what the job of NER's parents	0
where is the capital of The province where the NER is located	0
which house does the legislature of the venue that NER is held belong to?	1
NER's location what area does the location in the northwest belong to?	1
what area does the administrative center of NER's location belong to in the country?	1
what is the subdivision name of the southwest of the west of NER utah, united states?	1
who does the bay that NER is famous for work for?	0
who starred in NER's famous works?	0
where does the alma mater of NER work as a president?	0
who is the father of NER's parents	0
what is the occupation of the creator of NER	0
what titles do the leaders of NER have?	0
who is the deputy of the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know what is the management level of The Northeast of NER Millionaires	1
who is the President of Forward Candidate NER	1
what are the types of sponsors for the 1999 pro wrestling tournament NER in Ohio	0
do you know what is the affiliation of the alma mater of NER	0
NER which manager leads the tenants of its venue	1
British lawyer, spouse of NER, wife of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair (b. 1954), in which department the title belongs	1
what is the previous generation of NER's related products (works)	0
what instruments did the creators of NER use	0
which youth club do people in NER belong to?	0
what is the location of the North West location for a season of football teams?	1
do you know where is the eponymous region of NER	0
where did the participating countries of NER appear?	0
who is the predecessor of NER's related products?	0
what is the event of the cause of NER?	0
what time zone does NER Site South use	1
who is the predecessor of the one that is after election of NER	0
do you know who was the The front of NER's question before	1
what is the subdivision type of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what are the titles of the location leaders in the southwest of the NER's location?	1
who leads the event that starts the location of NER?	1
which country does the leader of NER belong to?	0
what is the subdivision name of the southeast of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know who is the wife of Election after NER	0
do you know who is the agent of Election after NER	0
what is the type of the name included in the NER	0
who is issued by the one who is alongside NER	0
what is the time zone used by NER Venue South East	1
where is the birthplace of the artist who sings for NER	0
where is the position of Events in NER	0
what is the northwest of the country that is affected by NER?	0
what is the successor to The Father of NER	0
which party belongs to Next to NER	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the South of NER site	1
where is the region of The province where the NER is located	0
what is the nickname of Alma mater of NER	0
what is the occupation of the singer who participated in NER?	0
who is the predecessor of NER-related products?	0
what is the traditional shape of the forward of NER's club	1
NER in which league the team plays	0
what region does the location in the north of NER belong to?	1
what is the type of NER Client	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of South Site of NER	1
what is the succession of Your next club from NER's successor	1
do you know who is the head of Election after NER	0
do you know who is the founder of the head of NER	0
what is the region of the appointer of the title of NER?	1
which province lies in the north of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the branch that the incumbent of the title of NER belongs to?	1
what is the zoning of the location in the southeast of where NER died?	1
who is the founder of the creators of NER	0
what is the timezong of the north of the east of NER utah, united states?	1
what is the successor to Famous Works by NER	0
do you know which series belongs to the NER-related stuff	0
which province is the location province of NER settled in?	0
do you know who is the father of Client de NER bavaria?	0
where are the main towns of NER in a French state (as of March 2015)	0
what is the timezong of the east of the death place of NER?	1
what is the time zone used by Northwest of NER	0
The common language spoken by the person or thing concerned as a result of the war NER	0
what is the southwest part of NER's county?	0
who is the female parent of the father of NER	0
where is the burial place for the descendants of NER's mother	1
who is the producer of NER's famous works?	0
do you know what is the level of management of Northwest of NER spain?	0
do you know what is the nationality of eponym from NER	0
who is the predecessor of the parent of NER/ who is the father of the parent of NER	0
what is the legislature of the legislature of the location of NER?	1
who was used to name the people who were influenced by NER	0
do you know where is the region of La province where the NER	0
who is the creator of the sponsor of NER	0
what is the Internet in the Age of NER's Notable Works	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Area covered by the NER Administration	1
what is the occupation of the singer who performed for NER?	0
who is NER's candidate for successor?	1
which religion does the name that the country admin division of NER is named for belong to?	1
do you know what is the district of The main city of NER	0
do you know who is next to the Parents of NER	0
do you know what is the dynasty of The event that occurs in NER	0
what is the Type Settlement of The Northwest Site of NER	1
who is the spouse of NER's election winner	0
what is the branch of Election after NER	0
what is the eastern part of the country where NER is located?	0
do you know what is the management level of South of Southwest NER utah, united states?	1
what is the next generation of NER's parents	0
where did the one who is alongside NER study?	0
who is earlier than the leader of NER?	0
French statesman (1907-2000) what is the previous generation of the predecessor of the previous generation of NER	1
who are the descendants of NER's descendants	0
what is the title of the one that is after election of NER	0
do you know what timezone the Southeast of World NER Sports Day location uses?	1
what titles did the previous generation of the NER's host hold?	1
who is before the successor of NER?	0
NER, Emperor of Rome, whose predecessor did he play	0
what are the titles of the leader of the location in the northwest of the birthplace of Bangladesh Army General NER?	1
what time zone does the capital of NER's birthplace belong to?	1
who are the children of Pakistan's 11th and 13th Prime Minister NER?	0
what is the legislature of the area where NER is used	0
do you know who is the wife of The father of NER	0
NER, the British WWII Military Campaign Medal, what does it relate to	0
where is the constituency of the Western NER location	1
where is the position of the NER name	0
which timezone does the northwest of NER belong to?	0
do you know where the religion of NER's parents comes from?	0
where is the southern part of the country (city) affected by NER	0
do you know what is the house of The descendant of NER	0
do you know what is the battle of Next to NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Southern The place of death of NER	1
do you know the name of the national capital of the province where the NER is located, un bergwerk in bosnien und herzegowina?	0
which place does the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place take place?	1
where did the one who is alongside NER die?	0
what is the program that is after NER's famous works?	0
which is the capital of the location of NER related events?	0
do you know what is related to The thing related to NER	0
what titles does NER's team hold?	0
what is the name of the Northwest administrative division of NER	0
who are the parents of Beside NER	0
which type of government does the event that starts the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the type of NER addition	0
which country is the leader of NER from?	0
do you know what is the title of The descendant of NER	0
what dynasty is the legislature of the country to which NER belongs?	1
what is the deathpalce of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
do You Know Who's Head of the NER Location Publishing Event	1
who led the legislature where Russian flying master NER died?	1
what is the currency of the controller of NER	0
where is the team that won NER grounded?	0
what is the country region where the province where NER is located?	0
where does NER occur related events?	0
what is the location country of the sponsor of NER?	0
do you know what type of NER Client is	0
where is the graduation school of the singer who participated in the TV series NER	0
in which region the person whose name is used to name the NER is	0
in which state is NER's alma mater?	0
which city does the team that won NER belong to?	0
which religion does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
who are NER's parents?	0
do you know where is the address of the NER team	0
NER, the American college basketball season, what is the region of its home west location	1
what is the zoning of the administrative center of the venue of NER?	1
which type of subdivision does the location province of NER belong to?	0
what titles are the people influenced by the Scottish geologists, doctors, chemical manufacturers, naturalists and experimental agronomists NER	0
which title does the leader of NER own?	0
which team does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the origin of NER's name?	0
who is the predecessor of the parent of NER	0
what is the name of the alma mater of the leader of the Iraqi Kurdish politician NER?	0
who starred in the works that make NER known?	0
NER, American statesman and judge (1799-1850) whose predecessor he played	0
which type of subdivision does the capital of the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the title of NER's Customer Leader	0
what is the zoning of the location in the southeast of where NER, the US Army Medal of Honor recipient, died?	1
where is the title of The Regent's question of NER	1
where did the leader of NER study?	0
what is the common language of the combatant of NER?	0
who is the sponsor of NER?	0
what region is the province of NER in?	0
who are the descendants of NER's generals?	0
what is the subdivision name of the south of the home to NER?	1
who leads the parliament for the seats held by the party NER	0
do you know what is the rank of Election after NER	0
what is the form of the title of the position of NER	1
do you know where the religion of NER Candidate Name Data comes from	1
what candidates have NER's children been?	0
what is the region of the client of NER?	0
what is the affiliation that the alma mater of NER belongs to?	0
which empire does NER's father belong to?	0
do you know where the alma mater of NER's parents is	0
who is the father of The leader of NER	0
do you know what is northeast of NER county	0
do you know who is the manager of the NER team for fall 2016-2017?	0
which country does the successor of the premier of NER belong to?	1
where is the administrative center of the location in the west of the city where the Wikimedia list article NER belongs	1
who is the developer of things related to the Android smartphone model NER?	0
where is the birthplace of Election after NER	0
NER, predecessor of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands from 1813 to 1815, who are the descendants of its leaders	0
what is the language of the author of NER?	0
Korean TV series NER related things who's next show	0
when is the one that is after election of NER born?	0
who takes the place of the father of NER?	0
what is originated from the one that is after election of NER?	0
who is the source of the information on the largest city of NER	0
where did the person whose name is used to name NER die?	0
do you know what happened during the NER name	0
do you know who is the president of The Parents of NER	0
which club does the coach of the club that NER belongs to belong to?	1
do you know where the birthplace of NER addition is?	0
which manager leads the tenants of NER's venue	1
what is the subdivision type of the team that won NER	0
do you know where is the title of Predecessor of Candidate of NER	1
which religion does the parent of NER believe?	0
what is the rank of the person and things that shares the same name with NER	0
do you know where the religion of Beside NER	0
what is the party of the one that is after election of NER?	0
where is the constituency of the other name of the candidate of NER from?	1
what are the important positions of Occupied people of The title of NER	1
do you know what is the Province where NER is located	0
A chemical analysis method in which a sample is heated to break down to produce smaller molecules, which are separated by gas chromatography and detected by mass spectrometry to detect the related products of NER	0
what state is it in Next to NER	0
what is NER's Client Industry	0
where did the successor of NER die?	0
what is the branch of the previous generation of the subject of NER?	1
who is the next term of The next term of The title of NER	1
do you know what happened in The winner of NER	0
who is the spouse of the father of NER	0
where is the origin of the name NER born	0
what is the subdivision type of the south of the west of NER utah, united states?	1
do you know what is the battle of Election after NER	0
who represents the one that is after election of NER?	0
which rank does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what type of person is used to name NER	0
do you know what is the management level of Area covered by the NER region	1
who is the spouse of the successor to the title of NER in the Wikimedia list article	1
which division does the northern part of NER's birthplace belong to?	1
what dynasty does the descendant of NER's mother belong to?	1
which division does the administrative center of the area where the mountain range NER belong to?	1
what is the religion of the province where NER is located?	0
what is the level of management at East of NER location	1
do You Know who Will Be The Next NER Predecessor Forward	1
what is the predecessor of the club that NER belongs to named?	1
what is the profession of NER's eponymous	0
which state does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
what titles do the products or works related to the TV series NER have?	0
who developed NER-related products?	0
what are the events of the person or thing related to the result of the battle NER	0
who is the publisher of the theme of NER?	0
do you know what is the title of Persons affected by an NER	0
what is the name of the area in the northwest of the southern part of the Kowloon City Council constituency of NER, Hong Kong?	0
what is the ethnicity of The person affecting NER	0
what is the headquarters address of the record company that NER belongs to?	0
where does the southwest of the birth place of NER belong to?	1
which river is the the author of NER originated from?	0
do you know what important positions your next NER candidate club holds	1
do you know where is the birthplace of NER Chronology	0
who rented the previous generation of NER's venue	1
which district does the west of the location of NER belong to?	1
where is the team that won NER grounded?	0
NER, 2015, where does the election winner of the election belong	0
where does the successor of the deputy of NER belong to?	1
where is the northwest of the location of NER located?	1
who did a job before the one that is after election of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the south of the province of NER?	1
what is the title of the person who made an impact on NER	0
what are the instruments used by the people in NER?	0
what is the region of the location in the west of the city where NER is located?	1
do you know what is the nationality of eponym from NER	0
which award is the one that is after election of NER given?	0
what is the canton of the north of the venue that NER is held?	1
what is in the east of the county that NER belongs to?	0
do you know where is the area of La province where the NER mine in vietnam is located?	0
what type of company is NER's sponsor?	0
which timezone does the southeast of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
In what common language did the participating nations of NER communicate in a battle in China in AD 617	0
who is the spouse of the person whose name is used to name the NER?	0
do you know where Election after NER is?	0
who takes the place of the event happened in NER?	0
Whose predecessor did Japanese politician NER play	0
what is the title of the leader of the person or thing related to the NER-induced result?	0
what is NER's Client Industry	0
do you know where NER's eponymous birthplace is	0
who is the owner of the successor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what are the types of sponsors for NER	0
do you know what musical instrument the singer who played for NER used	0
do you know what the NER Parents family is	0
where did the successor of the candidate of NER study?	1
do you know where NER customer come from	0
who is the predecessor of the leader of NER?	0
what is the alma mater of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
which dynasty is the author of NER born?	0
what is the international domain name abbreviation of the country that is affected by NER?	0
which type does the controller of NER belong to?	0
which region does the county that NER belongs to belong to?	0
NER whose location the legislature is legislated by	1
do you know what is the education level of The addition of NER	0
do you know where is the title of The leader of NER	0
where is the title of the previous generation of NER	1
what is the succession of The head of NER	0
The name is used to name the school at which the person of NER graduated	0
which type of subdivision does the northwest of the east of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
where does the northwest of the home to NER belong to?	1
which label does the author of NER belong to?	0
NER what teams are in its league	0
where is the Alma Mater of Occupied People of NER's title honorary president of the people's republic of china (1893-1981)?	1
what is the title of the source of the NER name	0
what is the nationality of the head of NER	0
who was the NER related products before	0
do you know where is the birthplace of Generals of the participating NERs	0
where is the burial place for the successor of NER's discipline	1
do you know what NER's Client product is	0
what is the region of the team that won NER?	0
do you know who was touched by NER's eponymous	0
do you know where the NER Client is	0
what is the previous generation of the descendants of NER	1
what is the dynasty of Generals of the participating NERs	0
do you know what is the Nord-Ouest district of NER france?	0
what time zone uses Eastern NER's location	1
do you know who is the predecessor of NER-related stuff	0
which country does the notable work of NER belong to?	0
what is the timezong of the west of the city that NER lives in?	1
what is the club in which The name of NER works?	0
where are the candidates for NER's successor?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of The North West of The North of NER	1
where is the alma mater of the eponym of NER?	0
who takes the office of the title of the spouse of NER now?	1
who was NER's Client before	0
do you know what is the house of The father of NER	0
who is the key people of the client of NER?	0
NER, the consort of the Queen of the Netherlands, who is the mother of her descendant's successor	1
what is the location of the northwest of the location of NER?	1
what lies in the southeast of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
do you know that before Generals of the participating NERs is?	0
which league does NER's team play in?	0
what branch does the election winner of NER belong to?	0
do you know who will be the next The founder of The house of NER	1
do you know in which country is the Alma mater of NER	0
where did the commander of NER die?	0
do You Know what The Royal Family Belonged To NER's Husband Question	1
what is the time zone of the location south of NER	0
which country does the leader of NER belong to?	0
which industry is the client of NER from?	0
where are NER related events held?	0
where did the one that is after election of NER die?	0
where is the head of the area where NER is used?	0
what is the level of management in South East of North of NER	1
where does the leader of the Turkish politician NER work?	0
what is NER's father's ex	0
what is the industry of NER-related things	0
which religion do Pakistani National Assembly members elect the leader of NER?	0
NER what is the region type of its province	0
what is the previous generation of the venue of NER's national team	1
who is the manager of NER's one football team for fall 2016-2017?	0
who is the predecessor of the inaugural of the title of NER	1
what is the subdivision type of the capital of the location of NER	1
where is the birthplace of Next to NER	0
what is the deathpalce of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
NER's Location West The location leader's name is	1
what is the location of the team that won NER	0
what is the occupation of the one that is after election of NER?	0
who legislates the client of a palace NER in Ukraine	0
who wrote the sponsors of NER	0
in which area is the northern location of the NER held?	1
which one is known as the prime minister of the one who is alongside NER?	0
what is the zoning of the place where the successor of the Frankish king NER died	1
what region does NER's province belong to in the country?	0
which office does the successor of the candidate of NER belong to?	1
who is the regent of The father of the NER	0
do you know when the NER Timeline came from	0
where the person whose name is used to name NER was born	0
do you know what is the title of The person who affects NER	0
who was the monarch of the previous generation of NER's candidates	1
what is the religion of the event happened in NER?	0
where do NER's election winners live?	0
do you know where is the birthplace of Generals of NER xinjiang, china, participants?	0
what is the legislature for the spouse of a descendant of the king NER of australia	1
do you know what is the rank of Election after NER	0
do you know who is the developer of NER Sports	0
what is the constituency of the one who is alongside NER	0
who is the predecessor of the first the title of NER?	1
who is the successor of the leader of NER?	0
where is the alma mater of the British philosopher NER?	0
what is the leader title of the north of the venue that NER is held?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of The South East of The stadium where the NER took place	1
in which city is NER's alma mater?	0
what is the genre that the one that is influenced by NER belongs to?	0
do you know what is the title of The era of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the north of the location of NER?	1
do you know what is the management level of East of NER's place of death	1
where is Wallner's Election Winner Died	0
to which institution a person whose name is in NER is affiliated	0
which religion does the parent of NER belong to?	0
do you know what is the program format of The title of NER location	1
which is the branch of the current incumbent of the title of NER?	1
where is the area northwest of NER?	0
what time zone does Southeastern Northern NER utah, united states use?	1
which type of subdivision does the southeast of the home to NER belong to?	1
where is the burial Place of The descendant of NER	0
what is the timezong of the southeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
who is the successor of the predecessor of the premier of NER?	1
who makes the law of the country of birth of NER?	0
where is the residence of the title of NER	1
do you know what happened in Famous works of NER	0
who did a job before the inaugural of the title of NER?	1
where were the descendants of NER born?	0
what is the name of the work organization of a person affected by NER?	0
where were the descendants of the Ottoman statesman and general (1789-1848) NER born	0
who is the star of the work that made NER known	0
who is the spouse of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
what is the title of the location leader in the southwest of where the NER is held?	1
what is the northeast of The largest city in the NER	0
who is the director of the theme of NER?	0
what are the important positions of Your next NER Candidate club	1
what is the title of The question of NER next?	1
what is the north of the country that is affected by NER?	0
The common languages of the participating NER Country is?	0
do you know where the tomb of L'avant de Predecessor de NER	1
where is the title of Beside NER	0
what is the legislature of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
which party did NER play belong to?	0
do you know who is the leader of the NER children	0
who is the predecessor of the origin of NER's name?/ who is the father of the origin of NER's name?	0
who is the successor of the descendants of NER?	0
which one is known as the prime minister of the one that is after election of NER?	0
where do the leaders of the NER take office	0
what is the zoning of the location in the east of where NER died?	1
what are the types of sponsors for NER	0
where is the birthplace of the descendant of the german prince NER	0
do you know where the headquarters of NER's Label book and manga, is?	0
who is the next person in the title of NER?	1
What's the latest show from NER-related stuff	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the South-eastern Place of NER	1
where is the south of NER's southern region?	0
who is the chairman of the parent of NER	0
what is the honorary suffix of Election after NER	0
do you know where Generals of NER participants died?	0
what time zone is the location in the west of the city where NER is located?	1
where do people influenced by the American sociologist NER work	0
what is the type of politics in the country where the Postal Service NER is located?	0
who is earlier than the predecessor of the successor of NER released in 2013?	1
who married the one who is alongside NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the client of NER?	0
what is the type of the country that is affected by NER?	0
what is the leader name of the east of the location of NER?	1
who is the artist of the head of NER	0
what is the name of the alma mater of the incumbent of the title of Bangladesh President NER?	1
which division is the largest city in NER in the South Atlantic Islands?	0
what is the genre of the theme of NER	0
what is the religion of the province where NER is located?	0
who are the presidents that NER's father and mother served for?	0
which type of post code does the west of the location of NER belong to?	1
where is the title of the Forward Predecessor of NER	1
do you know what happened during the Events in NER	0
what is the level of management at Capital of NER's location	1
do you know who is responsible for NER sculptor, engraver and printmaker (1880-1938)?	0
which race does the people who influence NER belong to?	0
who is the responsible author of NER?	0
who is the actor in NER's Notable Works	0
do you know what the predecessor of Parents of NER is	0
who was the origin of the name of the NERavant	0
what is the name of the ocean to the northeast of the county of NER Oxfordshire, England?	0
what is the label of Notable works by NER	0
what is the level of management at Capital of NER's location	1
where is the alma mater of the other name of the candidate of NER?	1
who did a job before the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of Club in which Est de NER is part of	1
which province is the location province of NER settled in?	0
what is the battle of Election after NER	0
who commanded the event of NER?	0
what type of person is named in the Wikimedia listing article NER	0
which event belongs to the cause of NER?	0
who does the one that is after election of NER work for?	0
which religion does the location province of NER believe?	0
what is the level of management in Area covered by the NER district	1
which is the capital of the location province of NER?	0
what is the occupation of the creator of NER	0
who leads the cause of NER	0
do you know what is the honorary prefix of Parents of NER	0
Bishop of Uger and co-prince of Andorra NER played where did he belong	0
NER, the 2009 World Wrestling Entertainment pay-to-view event, what's its sponsor's offering	0
what is the form of the title of the position of NER	1
what is the language of the works that make NER known?	0
in which state is NER's alma mater?	0
What's the label of the creator of the 1993 Mother of Invention's live album NER	0
what is the region type of the location southwest of NER's birthplace?	1
NER, Duke of Berry, who is the descendant of the last successor of a French duke	1
where is the largest city in the southwest of NER USA?	0
what is the name of the ocean on the northwest side of NER's county?	0
who is the next successor of NER's descendants?	0
what lies in the west of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the zip code for the location northwest of NER's home ground?	1
which program is before NER's famous works?	0
what are the affiliations of NER's alma mater	0
what is the postal code of Alma mater de NER	0
what is the timezong of NER's southern region?	0
what is the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
NER Italy, which is now used as a museum for clients of which religion	0
where did Le descendant de NER die?	0
where is the burial of NER's client	0
who is the leader of the Eastern Location of NER	1
NER's event is part of what event	0
what is the northeast of the theme of NER featuring stitch from lilo & stitch?	0
what is the name of the area in the northwest of the subject of NER?	0
which dynasty does the successor of NER live in?	0
what time zone uses Southwest of North of NER	1
do you know what is the north west of NER County	0
who is the regent of The descendant of NER	0
what are the titles of NER's children	0
what is the next term of the Deputy of the position of the NER 1?	1
who is the spouse of the leader of NER	0
who is the leader of the flag event established by the location of NER	1
what is the title of the successor of NER?	0
who owns the bay that NER creator of paddington the bear, is famous for?	0
what is the timezong of the east of the location of NER	1
where is the residence of the title of NER located?	1
what is the southeast of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
do you know what is the administrative district name of East of NER location	1
where is the Western region of NER province	1
which family does the car that NER is related to belong to?	0
who are the descendants of Client of NER Italy that is now used as a museum?	0
do you know who is the heir of Your next club Candidate of NER	1
what is the timezong of the location province of NER?	0
which district does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the position of the label of the constituency of NER	1
NER, where does the winner of the election of the Spanish generals in 1876 belong	0
what is the alma mater of the leader of the NER label	1
what is the type of Events in NER	0
who is the spouse of the successor of NER?	0
do you know where is the area of South of NER's Birthplace	1
who is the successor to the father of NER England	0
who was the Regent of NER before?	1
what is the nationality of the one that is after election of NER?	0
what is the northeastern part of the country (city) affected by NER	0
what time zone does Northwestern NER Millionaires use?	1
what is the name of the NER, the leader of a football team's location in the East for a season	1
which type of area code does the largest city of NER belong to?	0
do you know who is the Prime Minister of Election after NER	0
whose ancestor is the father of NER daughter of taizu,??	0
which dynasty is the one who is alongside NER born?	0
what is the country area of the southern part of the NER's location?	1
where is the capital (or provincial capital) of the controller of the NER	0
who is the leader of the person or thing concerned with the NER-induced result	0
where is the alma mater of The Father of NER	0
what is the language that is commonly used by the cause of NER	0
what is the legislature of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what is in the north of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what is the language of the cause of NER?	0
where is the capital of the country where the NER is held?	1
NER which team its head coach plays for	0
what is the largest city in NER united states?	0
where NER's election winner died	0
do you know who is the developer of NER Related Things	0
do you know who the contestant of The Children of the NER is	0
who is the successor of NER's generals?	0
what is the legislature of the flag event established by the position of the NER?	1
what is the alma mater of the person whose name is used to name NER	0
who is the president of NER's alma mater	0
what is the profession of NER's eponymous	0
what is the title of The person who affects NER	0
NER, a podcast whose title is hosted by whose predecessor	1
which division does the administrative center of the area to which NER belongs belong?	1
where is the city in the north of NER's host?	1
what is the one that is after election of NER from?	0
who is the President of The Head of NER	0
which league does the team that won NER belong to?	0
who is the spouse of a descendant of NER?	0
which country does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
do you know where the birthplace of Host of NER's next movie is?	1
what club does the person whose name is in NER currently belong to?	0
who is the owner of NER's sponsors?	0
who will be Election after NER next	0
do you know where the manager of NER is	0
what is the title of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
do you know what is the legislature in National team location of NER	1
which religion does NER's candidate alias believe in?	1
what is the timezone used by NER Western Place	1
NER where is his team	0
what is the branch of the election winner of Wall NER?	0
what is the flag event established by the nation using a peninsula Arabic NER spoken by Omanis?	0
what includes NER related events?	0
what is the job of the author of NER?	0
in which country is the Election after NER, un presidential election in colombia?	0
what awards did the leaders of NER get?	0
what kind of company is the client of NER?	0
NER what region of the country does the representative of his birthplace belong to?	1
do you know who is the successor of The person who affects NER	0
who is the producer of the creator of Danny Elfman's compilation album NER?	0
which title does the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place own?	1
who is the leader of the Western NER location	1
who Influenced NER's Ship Name	0
do you know where is the arrondissement of The main city of NER	0
where did the commander of NER die?	0
what is the predecessor of the previous generation of the venue of the football season NER?	1
what is the religion of NER's candidate alias?	1
NER, recipient of the U.S. Army Medal of Honor (1887-1944), what war was the last of his title	1
what is the common language of the NER Venue Release Event	1
what does the tenant of the location of NER work for?	1
do you know what kind of thing is related to NER	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of the city that NER lives in?	1
where are the heirs of The winner of NER	0
what is the religion of the client of a palace NER in Ukraine	0
which time zone does the administrative center of NER's area belong to?	1
what are the descendants of NER's children	0
in which country is the Education received by NER candidate	1
where are the current incumbents of the title of NER employed?	1
what is the language that is commonly used by the cause of NER?	0
where did the one who is alongside NER die?	0
do you know who is the chairman of the NER chief	0
who does the job after the one who is alongside NER?	0
who leads the client of NER malta?	0
who leads the location province of NER?	0
which event determined the birth country of the Zambian footballer NER?	0
who is the successor of the previous generation of NER's predecessor?	1
what is the region of the combatant of NER?	0
which type does the origin of NER belong to's name?	0
what is the division of the location north of NER's birthplace?	1
which religion does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
do you know what language NER's name uses?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the South of NER site	1
what dynasty belongs to the legislature where NER is used	1
what is the leader name of the name included in the NER?	0
what is the branch that the incumbent of the title of NER belongs to?	1
what is the genre of the name included in the NER	0
what is the ex of the person who influenced NER?	0
what titles do NER's clients have?	0
what is Northern NER County	0
what is the warrior of the event of NER?	0
what is the timezong of the south of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the type of the battle that NER is involved?	0
do you know who's next for NER's self-titled	0
what lies on the northeast of NER's southern region?	0
what is the legislature of the location province of NER	0
which dynasty does the commander of NER belong to?	0
what is the location country of the sponsor of NER?	0
what is the singer of NER	0
what is the deathpalce of the origin of NER's name?	0
which type of government does the southwest of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
which religion does NER's election winner belong to?	0
where did the successor of NER die?	0
do you know what is the party of the person who affects NER	0
where does the successor of the premier of NER work as a president?	1
who is the next the father of NER?	0
who is the leader of the legislature where the U.S. Army Medal of Honor recipient NER died?	1
where is the administrative center of the province where the NER is located	0
where is the arrondissement of East of The stadium where the NER took place	1
do you know what the NER Location Release Event is	1
who is the monarch of the leader of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the successor of NER's last source	1
which province lies in the north of the largest city of NER?	0
which general led the events of NER	0
what type of person is the name used to name the NER?	0
do you know in which country is the Election after NER	0
what is the southwest part of NER's county?	0
which division does the largest city in a Dutch province NER belong to?	0
who is the owner of the bay that NER is famous for?	0
what is the client of NER	0
do you know what time zone uses NER's Northwest site	1
what is the title of the successor of NER?	0
what is the name of the mother of the successor of NER's descendants?	1
do you know who is the leader of the Eastern NER location	1
what is the succession of The head of NER	0
The location in the west of NER is in which division the location in the south belongs to?	1
what is the type of person whose name was used to name the crater NER on Mercury?	0
which label does the artist who sings for NER the creator, belong to?	0
what time zone does Northwestern NER Millionaires use?	1
which is the capital of the location of NER related events?	0
where does NER's successor dies belong to?	1
what is the name of the ocean to the northwest of NER's largest city?	0
what is the currency used by the region of a Rugby League NER team?	0
do you know where is the region of Area covered by the NER location	1
do you know who is the author of responsible for NER	0
who is the manufacturer of things related to NER	0
which type does the location of the national team that NER belongs to belong to?	1
what is the legislature of the flag event established by the position of the NER?	1
what is the religion of the cause of NER?	0
who is the director of the team that won NER	0
who is issued by the client of NER?	0
in which country is the Election after NER	0
where is the location of the west of the county of NER?	1
what is the region of the location in the northwest of NER?	1
what is the occupation of the predecessor of the descendant of NER?	1
what is the title of the events of the 16th century samurai and daimyo NER era	0
who is the most important person in NER's sponsorship	0
what is the type of The Battle of NER	0
do you know what the job of L'addition de NER	0
where does the NER team come from	0
who is the successor of the leader of NER?	0
who is the successor of the regnet of the descendant of NER	1
who is the predecessor of NER-related products?/ who is the father of NER-related products?	0
what is the largest city of the location province of NER?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of L'ouest de Est de NER, un municipality in catalonia, spain?	1
where is the address of Election after NER	0
where is the masterpiece of NER's Famous Works?	0
who is the successor of the predecessor of the descendant of NER?	1
which club does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
which type of subdivision does the north of the home to NER belong to?	1
do you know what belongs to The addition of NER	0
what takes the place of the leader of NER	0
what is the deathpalce of the leader of NER	0
what type of nominator is the title of NER	1
what is the position of the west of the location of NER?	1
which dynasty did the descendants of the German nobleman NER belong to?	0
who developed NER related products	0
where is the capital of the north of the province of NER located?	1
do you know which series the NER Related Things belongs to	0
What's before The Children of the NER	0
what was the last show for NER related products	0
where will NER's candidate for successor take office?	1
what is the type of The thing related to NER	0
do you know what is the family of The thing related to NER	0
who is the successor of the successor of the candidate of NER?	1
where does the religion of Election after NER come from	0
who are the parents of those affected by NER	0
which state does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
what time zone uses North Eastern NER utah, united states?	1
what industry do NER sponsors belong to?	0
which house does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what region does the location in the west of NER belong to?	1
do you know what language is used in NER Theme	0
what organization was led by Next to NER	0
Who's on the list of NER's coaches	0
which area is the combatant of NER in?	0
A town in Millard County, Utah, United States, the location in the southeast of NER, the location in the north, and which time zone does the location belong to?	1
NER's election winner whose last term was	0
which sport does the team that won NER play?	0
where is the address of the NER team	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the north of the death place of NER?	1
which type of subdivision does the location province of NER belong to?	0
where does the leader of NER belong?	0
who is the father of the client of NER italy which is now used as a museum?	0
which dynasty does the leader of NER belong to?	0
what is the name of the chairman of NER's team?	0
what is the holiday of the province where the NER is located?	0
what is the common language of the Release event of The stadium where NER took place	1
who is the father of The descendant of NER	0
what is the leader name of the west of the location of NER	1
in which country is the Client of NER, un bouwwerk in new york, verenigde staten van amerika located?	0
who do the job after the one who is alongside NER	0
what is the region of the country (city) affected by NER	0
what is the language that is commonly used by the cause of NER?	0
which series does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
who is the founder of the Famous Works of NER	0
do you know where the alma mater of Election is after NER	0
who is the male parent of the singer who participated in NER	0
where is the administrative center of the province where the NER is located	0
who is the predecessor of the author of NER	0
who is the mother of The leader of NER	0
what is the timezong of the southwest of the city that NER lives in?	1
where was the birthplace of the person whose name was used to name the crater NER on Mercury?	0
which nationality does the location province of NER belong to?	0
do you know what is the management level of NER team	0
In NER, USA basketball coach, where is the state of the person	0
where is the alma mater of the eponym of NER?	0
what happened to the NER incident	0
which timezone does the south of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
what is the predecessor of the descendant of NER	0
what does the northwest of NER belong to?	0
which event belongs to the country of birth of NER	0
what is the one that is after election of NER?	0
who is the President of Next to NER	0
who was the Next to NER before	0
which party do NER's parents belong to?	0
what is the office of the one who is alongside NER?	0
who takes the place of the father of NER?	0
who leads the predecessor of the location of NER	1
where is the city responsible for NER	0
do you know where is the address of the tenants of the stadium where the NER took place	1
do you know what is the affiliation of the Alma mater of NER	0
NER what time zone is its home northwest location in	1
what is the organizational model of the municipal management of the Publication event of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what is the title of the previous generation where NER was held?	1
who lives in the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know who was the NER-related stuff before	0
what is the house of the father of NER?	0
which title does the cause of NER belong to?	0
who is the president of Alma mater of NER	0
what is the title of the previous generation of the descendants of NER	1
which arrondissement does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
who is the king of NER's election winner	0
what dynasty belongs to The Life of The Stage where NER took place?	1
what is the leader title of the location province of NER?	0
what is the leader of NER?	0
which district does the mayor of NER belong to?	0
who is the leader of the one that is after election of NER	0
in which state is the election winner for Wallner?	0
what is the religion of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
do you know what religion NER's father believes in?	0
what is the branch that the one that is after election of NER belongs to?	0
who is the leader of the The winner of NER	0
what is the common language used in the relevant area of NER related events?	0
who was the Predecessor of L'avant de NER before?	1
which title does the author of NER own?	0
where is NER's team?	0
what are the important positions of The head of NER	0
where did the one that is after election of NER study?	0
where is the sponsor of NER located?	0
what is the type of NER's principal?	0
what is the name of the southeastern part of the county of NER Australia?	0
what is the religion of the cause of NER	0
do you know where the religion of Beside NER comes from	0
who is the father of the forward of your next club NER	1
when is the predecessor of the title of NER born?	1
who will lead the man in charge of NER?	0
where is the title of The front of The question of NER	1
who is the prime minister of the one that is after election of NER?	0
which division does the capital of the venue of NER belong to?	1
which country does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
which type of subdivision does the northeast of the northwest of NER belong to?	1
NER what type of sponsor is it	0
what time zone does the location in the southeast of NER's venue belong to?	1
what is the subdivision name of the team that won NER	0
who is the prime minister of the leader of NER?	0
which canton does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
who is the heir of Election after NER	0
what is the government type of the southwest of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
which timezone does South of The stadium where the NER uses?	1
do you know what time zone is using Southeast of The stadium where the NER took place	1
which genre does the bay that NER is famous for belong to?	0
which president did NER's parents serve for?	0
which dynasty does NER's client belong to?	0
who are the children of the Election after NER	0
what time zone does the location in the north of NER belong to?	1
where is the city responsible for NER	0
what is the subdivision type of the southwest of the location of NER	1
which league does the tenant of the NER position play for?	1
what is the current club of the name included in the NER	0
what is the zip code type of the largest city in a county of Pennsylvania, NER?	0
where is the name included in the NER located?	0
who is the current incumbent of the title of NER's predecessor	1
where is the alma mater of NER located?	0
who ruled by NER's father	0
do you know who is the publisher of The Notable Works of NER	0
where did the predecessor of the successor of NER die?	1
where is the birthplace played by NER?	0
do you know what type of settlement is in the Western NER province?	1
what is the level of management in North of South of NER	1
do you know where the religion of your next club comes from NER	1
which currency is used in the predecessor of the subject of NER?	1
what are the occupations of NER's father and mother	0
what is spoken by the author of NER?	0
who is the parent of the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know what language the Western Region of NER use?	1
do you know what is the traditional form of the NER team?	0
do you know what time zone uses North of South East of NER	1
who makes the law of the combatant of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the northwest of the north of NER utah, united states?	1
who leads the east of the location of NER	1
what is the North of the National team location of NER	1
which title does the event of NER own?	0
what is the administrative district of North West Stadium where NER was held	1
which style does the title of the successor of NER belong to?	1
what is the zip code for Northwest Site of NER	1
who is the female parent of the children of NER	0
where is the grad school of the person named NER	0
what domain does NER's parents belong to	0
do you know who is the wife of The father of NER	0
what is the southeastern part of the state where the title of NER is located?	1
do you know what type of province the NER is in	0
do you know that before The Children of NER is?	0
where is the southern location of NER's home ground?	1
who rules the father of NER?	0
French statesman (1885-1956) what is the previous generation of the predecessor of the NER	1
what is the NER County area	0
what is the subdivision name of the chief town of NER?	0
what is the name of the person who influenced the person and things that shares the same name with NER?	0
which religion does the leader of NER believe?	0
do you know what time zone uses NER's Southern Site	1
how does the people, things and things with the same name as NER abbreviate?	0
what is the next legislature for the successor of NER of Count of Luxembourg (Henry I) from 998 and Duke of Bavaria (Henry V) from 1004	1
do you know who owns your next club from The stadium where the NER took place	1
what is children of the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know where is the NER name	0
what is the party of the appointer of the title of NER	1
what is the address of the team that NER is on?	0
Did you know that the common languages of the era of NER were?	0
what is the subdivision name of the southwest of the west of NER?	1
what does the creator of NER do?	0
what is the author of NER?	0
what type of archipelago does NER belong to?	0
do you know what the predecessor of NER's Label book and manga, is?	0
where was the name of NER500 fatalities in the state of florida?	0
Second daughter of John the Blind of Luxembourg, King of Bohemia, and his first wife Elizabeth of Bohemia. She is a descendant of NER, the first wife of King John II of France. what dynasty does she belong to?	1
what is the start of the location country of NER	0
What's the label of the singer who participated in WHO's 2014 live album NER	0
what is southeast of NER County	0
what is Northern NER County	0
what is the west of the county that NER belongs to?	0
do you know what religion the descendant of NER believes in	0
what is the name of the alma mater of the former candidate of NER?	1
do you know what was the last show of NER Related Things	0
where did the religion of Successor of NER's title come from?	1
who was the NER leader before	0
do you know who is the president of the Alma mater of NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of the Southwest of Northeast NER utah, united states?	1
which party does the leader of NER belong to?	0
what is the author of NER?	0
who takes the place of the father of NER?	0
which country does the alma mater of NER stand-up comedian and ceo, belong to?	0
what is the war in which Wallner's election winner is fighting?	0
Ottoman statesman and general (1789-1848) to which empire did the descendants of NER belong	0
what happened to the participating countries of NER	0
which religion does NER's client follow?	0
which type of postal code does the largest city of NER united states, belong to?	0
who is the chairman of NER's father and mother	0
what is the country area to which the administrative center of NER is held?	1
who is earlier than the parent of NER	0
NER related things who's next show	0
who developed NER related things	0
do you know who is the successor of The children of the NER	0
who are the tenants of The front of The stadium where the NER took place	1
which region does the east of the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the subdivision name of the northwest of the north of NER utah, united states?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the north of the death place of NER?	1
what language do the creators of NER speak in?	0
where did NER play and get a job?	0
A city in Box Elder County, Utah, United States, the location in the north of NER, the location in the southeast, which division belongs to	1
what is the southeast of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the subdivision type of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what is the occupation of the author of NER?	0
who is the predecessors of The leader of NER	0
do you know what is the specialty of The leader of NER	0
do you know who is the wife of The descendant of NER	0
what is the title of The Children of the NER	0
which countries are involved in the events involved in NER	0
do you know where the area of Photo Caption of Birthplace of NER	1
do you know what is the administrative district name of East of NER location	1
which company lies in the east of the largest city of NER?	0
what is the timezong of the southwest of the northwest of NER?	1
what is the deathpalce of the one that is after election of NER?	0
what is the predecessor of the previous generation of the descendants of NER	1
what is the predecessor of The Descendant of NER	0
what is the previous generation of the previous generation of NER's predecessor	1
which dynasty does the father of NER live in?	0
which religion does the leader of NER believe?	0
who designed the movement involved in NER	0
what is the predecessor of the events involved in the principality NER?	0
what is the next term of The Descendant of NER	0
which type of subdivision does the location province of NER belong to?	0
do you know who is the founder of the NER Client	0
where did the voters played by the Hong Kong politician NER come from?	0
which division does the location in the east of where NER died belong?	1
what was the title of the government when the location was founded NER national team	1
who do the job after the predecessor of the descendant of NER	1
what are the important positions of Beside NER	0
where is the address of the person used to name the NER	0
what type of work made NER known	0
what is the title of the leader of NER	0
what is the traditional form of the Alma mater of NER, un french philosopher?	0
who is the predecessor of the host of the title of NER	1
what is the title of the predecessor of the descendant of NER?	1
what is the subdivision type of the northwest of NER spain?	0
what is the established title of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
who is the descendant of NER?	0
what is the title of Generals of NER participating?	0
in which state is the subject of NER?	0
do you know where is the alma mater of Beside NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the southeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
who is the spouse of the author of NER?	0
where is the singer who performed for NER educated?	0
do you know who is next to the The father of NER	0
what is the currency of the controller of NER?	0
who is the father of the parent of NER?	0
do you know what is the administrative district name of Eastern NER location, wikimedia listing article?	1
where is the phone number of the largest city in NER	0
which team takes part in the manager of the club that NER belongs to?	1
what is the timezong of the west of the city that NER lives in?	1
what is the name of the leader of the previous generation in the position of NER?	1
do you know who is the predecessor of The front of The question of NER	1
where does the religion of The leader of NER come from?	0
which timezone does the south of the southwest of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
who is the predecessor of the commander of NER?	0
do you know where the West Borough of NER location is?	1
who leads the event happened in NER hong kong?	0
where is the death place of Election after NER	0
where does the parent of NER get educated?	0
what is the name of the ocean to the south of the county of NER England?	0
what is the nationality of eponym from NER	0
what is the mother of Generals of the participating NERs	0
what Musical Instrument NER Timeline Did He Use	0
whose ancestor is the father of NER?	0
where is the location of the location province of NER	0
which river is the the name included in the NER originated from?	0
what time zone does the southern city of NER belong to?	0
where did the leaders of NER live?	0
where is the Alma Mater of Your next NER Candidate club	1
what is the house of NER's father	0
do you know what is the battle of Successor of The title of NER	1
whose ancestor is the successor of NER?	0
who is the monarch whose head is Election after NER	0
which archipelago does the country that is affected by NER belong to?	0
The location in the south of the NER is in which division is the location in the southeast?	1
who is the mother of the country that the caption of NER founded?	1
where is the capital of Events in NER	0
who is the emperor of the Czech footballer NER's country of birth	0
do you know what time zone uses North West NER site	1
what is the succession of Election after NER	0
which province lies in the north of the county that NER belongs to?	0
do you know who is the leader of the participating NER Country	0
where the name is used to name the person who graduated NER	0
what is the origin of the author of NER?	0
what party do NER generals belong to?	0
where do the voters of the alias of NER's candidate come from?	1
who is the tenant of the previous generation of the venue of NER?	1
do you know what is the legislature in The location of the national team of NER	1
who is the President of Education Received by NER Candidate	1
where does the source of the NER name belong?	0
do you know who will be the next The question of Husband of NER	1
what is the northwest of the country that is affected by NER	0
what state is Election after NER	0
what is the type of Notable works of NER	0
who is the deputy of the one that is after election of NER?	0
where is the one that is after election of NER born?	0
what is the title of The person who affects NER	0
what is the name of the chairman of NER's alma mater?	0
who does the job after the successor of the candidate of NER?	1
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the premier of NER?	1
what is the succession of The head of NER	0
who is the successor of the successor of NER?	0
what is the predecessor of The Children of the NER	0
where is the garrison of the Master of NER	0
what is the title of the leader of the person or thing related to the consequences of fighting NER?	0
which event establishes the location country of NER	0
which dynasty does the client of NER belong to?	0
To which eponymous domain of NER belongs	0
what religion does the father of Japanese princess NER believe in?	0
what is the title of NER's former premier	1
do you know where is the borough of East of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what is the name of the administrative division of Northwest of NER	0
NER Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, who is the client's spouse	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the east of the location of NER?	1
what causes the event of NER	0
what is the title of the premier of the predecessor of NER?	1
which province lies in the north of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what is the level of management at South of Southwest NER utah, united states?	1
who is the emperor of the person or thing related to the result of NER	0
what is the Model Regulation of The province where the NER is located	0
where are NER's sponsors?	0
which party does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
what time zone uses Cities affected by NER	0
where were the leaders of NER born	0
what is the title leader of the event that starts the location of NER?	1
where did the eponym of NER die?	0
do you know who is the leader of the Cities affected by NER	0
NER, American statesman and judge (1799-1850) for which president he played	0
what branch does the election winner of NER belong to?	0
who married the commander of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the one who is alongside NER/ who is the father of the one who is alongside NER	0
what is the format of the title of the location of NER?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the north of the death place of NER?	1
which branch does the team that won NER belong to?	0
do you know what is north in the state where the key positions held by NER are?	1
what is the subdivision name of the south of the venue that NER is held?	1
In NER which team the people play for	0
what is the title of the origin of NER's name?	0
who is the proxy for NER's election winner?	0
what is the level of management at Northern NER Administration	1
do you know where the Country Leader of NER is participant?	0
what is the ethnicity of the people who influences NER?	0
where is the location of the west of the county of NER?	1
To which ethnic group belongs The province where the NER, un bergwerk in bosnien und herzegowina is located?	0
where is the leader of NER born?	0
where is the capital of the controller of NER	0
where is the venue of the tenant of NER's venue?	1
where is the location of the Province where the NER is located	0
where is the sea around the NER	0
who is the parent of the children of NER?	0
do you know what is establishedEvent at the location of the NER tenant	1
what is the name of the west side of the county of NER Australia?	0
what is the occupation of the person whose name is used to name the NER?	0
which division does the Korean Judo NER belong to?	0
what is the level of management at The South Venue for NER's World Day	1
what is the idea of the one that is after election of NER?	0
NER Canada, what happened to its actual controller	0
which canton does the west of the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the level of management at the East of the South West of NER	1
which type of subdivision does the southeast of the death place of NER belong to?	1
where is the Alma Mater of Your next NER Candidate club	1
what is the level of management at The Northeast of NER Millionaires	1
who is the spouse of the successor of the title of NER?	1
where is the commander of NER born?	0
who leads the NER-held parliament?	0
which language family belongs to the common language where NER is used	1
who is the leader of the event that occurs in NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the southeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
who is the developer of the notable work of NER	0
who did a job before the first the title of NER?	1
what is the specialty of Election after NER?	0
who is the wife of The leader of NER	0
where is NER's Client Tomb Italy that is now used as a museum?	0
To which series does NER's Notable Works belong?	0
where does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
where was the general of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps NER born?	0
what is the title of the commander of NER?	0
what takes the place of the leader of NER	0
which party is the NER leader	0
who is the manufacturer of the sponsor of NER?	0
what time zone does the location in the southeast of NER belong to?	1
what is the timezong of the southeast of the north of NER?	1
what is the previous generation of the descendants of NER	0
who is the successor of the regnet of the descendant of NER	1
who is the successor of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
who is the chairman of the team that won NER	0
where is the location of NER's Alma mater	0
which timezone does the southwest of the city that NER lives in belong to?	1
who is the emperor of Poland's parliament which holds a political party NER	0
do you know what religion believes Country of participating NER	0
which house does the legislature of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
what is the subdivision type of the south of the west of NER?	1
which canton does the location of the city that NER lives in belong to?	1
what type of company does the Korean fencer NER belong to?	0
where is the area where the person in charge of NER is stationed?	0
what is the name of the successor club location for Kenyan distance runner NER?	1
what is the branch that the one that is after election of NER belongs to?	0
what is the northwest of the location of the title of NER?	1
NER what is the product of its client	0
what is the type of Forward Predecessor of NER	1
do you know what is establishedEvent aux The sea around the NER	0
what are the titles of those involved in NER-related events in the Principality?	0
where does the event involved in NER occur?	0
who is the successor of NER's related products?	0
which religion does the leader of NER belong to?	0
which timezone does the south of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
which rank does the leader of NER belong to?	0
do you know who Master of NER staffordshire, is loyal to?	0
what is the currency of the country that is affected by NER	0
what is the area of the place in the northwest of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the capital of the location of NER	1
who is the regent of The father of the NER	0
You know what's out west from The NER team	0
what is the subdivision type of the south of the southwest of NER utah, united states?	1
do you know what Election awards after NER won?	0
do you know what NER's eponymous job is	0
what is the type of singer who performed for NER	0
NER, American screenwriter, who created his books	0
what is the political title of the Country of NER participating?	0
what is the level of management at The North West Stadium where NER played a football team season?	1
do you know who is the heir of The front of The question of NER	1
what series does NER-related products belong to?	0
who is the parent of the parent of NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the northwest of NER?	1
which type does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
what is the name of the mother of NER's election winner	0
what is the name of the NER coach	0
which is the capital of the country that is affected by NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the founder of the sponsor of NER?	0
who is the one who is alongside NER?	0
which battle is the inaugural of the title of NER involved?	1
do you know who is the successor of Generals of the participating NERs	0
do you know where the manager of NER is	0
which dynasty does the legislature of the venue that NER is held belong to?	1
what is the stadium that hosted the Tenants of The stadium where the NER took place?	1
where does the NER election winner belong?	0
what is the political type of the venue for the NER's national team?	1
what is the nationality of the origin of NER's name?	0
who is the predecessor of the children of the ancient Egyptian queen NER?	0
do you know what is the mother of The father of the NER	0
what are the southern waters of Southern NER	0
what is the timezong of the southeast of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the title of the leader of the country (city) affected by NER	0
NER's Location West The location leader's name is	1
do you know who is the architect of the Notable works of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the father of NER?	0
NER what type of his alma mater	0
do you know what time zone uses North of Southwest of NER	1
do you know who is the wife of Election after NER	0
where is the location in the west of the city where NER is located?	1
where is Armenia's previous parliament in which NER holds seats	0
do you know who is next to the NER coach	0
NER, Wikimedia listing article for which team the coach at its club location plays	1
where is the name included in the NER located?	0
what is the subdivision type of the east of the region of NER?	1
what is the subdivision type of the division that NER belongs to?	0
which is the branch of the election winner of the Wall NER?	0
do you know where is the capital of Cities affected by NER	0
do you know where is the title of NER Timeline	0
who are the predecessors of Taiwanese politician NER's parents?	0
which religion does the last of the title of NER believe?	1
what is the name of the place to the southwest of NER's county?	0
do you know where the manager of NER is	0
who takes the place of the father of NER?	0
what is the northeast of the team that won NER?	0
what is the religion of the father of Princess NER of North Korea?	0
do you know what time zone is southwest of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what is the Participating NER Country Region	0
what is the occupation of an artist who sings NER songs?	0
Descendants of NER, landowners of Friesland and Groningen (1687-1711) whose predecessor	0
who is the leader of the event that starts the location of NER?	1
NER to which dynasty its leader belongs	0
where is the participating NER Country area	0
where is the birthplace of The leader of NER	0
what is the type of manager of NER	0
where is the address of NER related events	0
where is the birthplace of the one that is after election of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the previous generation where NER was held?	1
what is the party of the leader of NER?	0
what party did the Japanese politician NER play belong to?	0
where is NER's location in the western city?	1
where is the administrative center of the archipelago of Spain's national park NER	0
which party does the appointee of the title of a city NER in Vietnam belong to?	1
which genre does the theme of NER belong to?	0
who is the spouse of the parent of NER?	0
do you know what Eastern County is from NER location	1
who founded the client of NER?	0
what lies in the west of the county that NER belongs to?	0
who was the last of the descendants of the landowners NER of Friesland and Groningen (1687-1711)	0
do you know what type of settlement is in the province where NER copper, gold and silver mine in argentina is located?	0
what country area does the mayor of NER belong to?	0
do you know who the NER timeline was before	0
who is the father of the leader of NER?	0
which dynasty does the successor of NER live in?	0
which dynasty does the father of NER belong to?	0
what type of notable works by NER	0
in which area is the southern location of the NER held?	1
what is the southeast of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what it the product of the client of NER?	0
You know what's in the west of NER's Theme	0
where is the title of Client of NER italy which is now used as a museum?	0
what is the combatant of NER related events?	0
do you know where is the title of The question of Husband of NER	1
do you know where is the heir of Generals of the participating NERs	0
which party does the one who is alongside NER belong to?	0
what is the canton of the north of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the holiday of the province where the NER is located?	0
who is the appointee of the leader of NER?	0
who is the Prime Minister of Election after NER	0
who is the father of the children of NER?	0
where is the eponymous address of NER	0
what is the previous generation played by the Japanese politician NER?	0
do you know who is the key figure responsible for NER	0
what is the estate of NER's parents	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of The North West of The North of NER	1
who holds the title of NER's spouse	1
which type of postal code does the largest city of NER belong to?	0
do you know which party belongs to Next to NER	0
who is the male parent of the leader of NER?	0
who leads the country (city) affected by NER	0
who wrote the sponsor of NER?	0
what is the constituency of the leader of NER?	0
who is the spouse of the one that is after election of NER?	0
where have people whose names were used to name NER lived?	0
where is the one that is after election of NER located?	0
who is the President of the Parents of NER	0
what is the allegiance of the one that is after election of NER to?	0
who is the mother of NER's children	0
do you know where the Events in NER take place?	0
which party does the NER-held parliament belong to?	0
do you know what kind of NER addition	0
where is the singer of NER educated?	0
The name of the leader of the province where NER is located is	0
which one is known as the prime minister of the one that is after election of NER?	0
in which country was NER's famous film held?	0
who is the incumbent of the title of the predecessor of NER	1
what is the county of NER England, England?	0
what is the program format of The title of The location of NER	1
which title does the event happened in NER belong to?	0
do you know what time zone uses South of NER spain?	0
which type of subdivision does the east of the district of NER belong to?	1
who holds the title of NER's spouse	1
who is the prime minister of NER's election winner	0
what is the name of the administrative division of The main city of NER	0
who is the manager of the team that won NER	0
what is the language that is commonly used by the combatant of NER	0
who directed the works of NER?	0
who is the president of NER's alma mater	0
what is the type of NER-related products?	0
do you know what is the battle of The leader of NER	0
who is the female parent of the client of NER?	0
what is the race of Election after NER	0
do you know what the southwest of NER's largest city is	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of the southwest of NER utah, united states?	1
what is originated from the author of NER	0
what is the time zone of NER Northwest	0
which division does NER's archipelago belong to?	0
what is the type of The Children of the NER	0
where is the constituency of the East of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what is the occupation of the creator of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the south of the province of NER?	1
who makes the law of the location country of NER?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of West of East of NER	1
which title does the event that starts the region of NER own?	1
what is the name of the mother of Japanese princess NER's father?	0
what is the nationality of NER's election winner?	0
what is the mother of The successor of Heir to NER	1
what state is Election in after NER	0
what is the name of the last term of NER's famous work?	0
NER where is the city located in the north of its host	1
do you know in which country is the NER Chronology	0
do you know which party belongs to Next to NER	0
what is the stadium that hosted the Tenants of The stadium where the NER took place	1
where are the heirs of Generals of the participating NERs	0
who does the job after things related to NER?	0
where is the capital of the province where the NER is located?	0
where are the origins of the people in NER?	0
which battle is the last of the title of NER involved?	1
do you know what is the management level of Southeast of NER's place of death	1
where is the birthplace of the father of NER who lived during the sengoku period of japan?	0
NER, the US college basketball season, which area is the south of its home field?	1
what is the religion of the descendants of NER?	0
what is the country of NER's election winner?	0
what is children of the one that is after election of NER	0
who is the author of the singer who participated in NER	0
do you know what is the common language of the Publication event of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what is the name of the place on the east side of NER England?	0
what does the leader of NER succeed?	0
what is the source of the largest city in NER	0
who is the predecessor of the one that is after election of NER?	0
what musical instrument did NER's name use?	0
what is the title of Parents of NER	0
what is the level of management at Capital of NER's location	1
what is the constituency of the one that is after election of NER?	0
where is the burial place of The question of The mother of NER	1
which language is commonly used in the country that is affected by NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the northeast of the city that NER lives in?	1
which region does the east of the location of NER belong to?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of Capital of Venue of World NER Day	1
which battle does the last of the title of NER governor of puerto rico, take part in?	1
what is the name of the mother of the descendant of NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the north of the country admin division of NER?	1
what titles did the previous generation of the NER's host hold?	1
what kind of business is responsible for NER	0
who did a job before the successor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who does the job after the predecessor of the successor of NER?	1
do you know where is the The first event of the NER user	1
NER where the previous generation's predecessor was	1
which house does the legislature of the user of NER belong to?	1
NER, dj vlad's remix album, what instrument did the singer of the song use	0
who is the predecessors of The front of The question of NER	1
what are the children of The Children of the NER	0
which battle does the one who is alongside NER take part in?	0
where is the capital (or provincial capital) of the country (city) affected by NER	0
which country does the one who is alongside NER belong to?	0
what type of singers perform for NER	0
where does the alma mater of NER work as a president?	0
in which city is NER's alma mater?	0
where does the one that is after election of NER get the honorific suffix?	0
which event establishes the location of the tenant of NER?	1
what is the royal family of NER's Husband question	1
where did Generals of the participating NERs die?	0
what is the level of management at Northern Birthplace of NER	1
what is the time zone of the location in the northwest of NER Utah, USA	1
what titles do people affected by NER have?	0
do you know what the job of The Name of NER	0
what is the language of the works that make NER known?	0
who founded the sponsor of NER	0
which college does the person whose name is used to name NER study?	0
do you know what is the political title of the main organ of the heads of NER	0
do you know what is the management level of South West NER Utah, United States?	1
what is the title of the participating country in the battle NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the chief town of NER?	0
where is the place of death of the person named NER	0
what Language Uses NER's Notable Works	0
who does the eponym of NER influence?	0
which leader party does the location province of NER germany, belong to?	0
where does the NER Client religion come from?	0
NER's Location West The location leader's name is	1
who is the leader of the legislature of the death place of NER?	1
who created the sponsor of NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the northeast of the northwest of NER utah, united states?	1
who is the key people of the client of NER?	0
which mountain range does the team that won NER belong to?	0
who is the monarch whose head is Election after NER	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of the home to NER?	1
which is the capital of the controller of NER?	0
do you know where is the title of The question of Husband of NER	1
in which state is the election winner for Wallner?	0
who is the chairman of the sponsor of NER	0
NER where is it located in the East	1
who is the spouse of NER's election winner	0
do you know who is the father of the NER children	0
what is the gender of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
where is the address of Election after NER	0
what is the latest show from Notable Works of Japanese Manga Artist NER?	0
what products do NER's customers have	0
which dynasty does the father of NER belong to?	0
which type of subdivision does the team that won NER belong to?	0
where did the one that is after election of NER die?	0
who did a job before the parent of NER	0
where does the one that is influenced by NER work?	0
do you know where is the title of The front of The stadium where the NER took place	1
who is the predecessors of NER Premier's forward	1
where did NER's famous work get its name from?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Southern The place of death of NER	1
what lies on the northeast of the country that is affected by NER	0
who is the father of NER's sponsor	0
do you know what the job of NER addition is	0
which genre does the theme of NER belong to?	0
NER where is the southern part of its province	0
what is the type of division of The largest city in the NER	0
where is the address of the team that NER is on in a football match	0
what is the predecessor of the previous generation of descendants of the Grand Duchess of Austria (1824-1906) NER	1
do you know what is the organizational model of the municipal management of the south-west of The stadium where the Bavarian NER took place?	1
what is the southwest of the county that NER oxfordshire, england, belongs to?	0
who is the successor played by the Hong Kong politician NER?	0
do you know who is next to the The father of NER	0
what includes the name included in the NER south australia?	0
NER what is the predecessor of its related products (works)	0
do you know who is the wife of Election after NER	0
do you know the business type of NER Client	0
which company lies in the east of the location country of NER?	0
do you know the responsible producer of NER	0
what is the timezong of the country that is affected by NER?	0
what is NER's eponymous race	0
who was the director of the theme of the parade NER that was held in Disneyland before?	0
what is the occupation of the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
which industry is the sponsor of NER from?	0
what is the electoral district of the west of the location of NER	1
which language family does NER's famous works belong to?	0
what is the timezong of the city in the south of NER	0
which company lies in the east of the county that NER belongs to?	0
which instrument does the singer who performed for NER play?	0
do you know which party belongs to The front of NER's Predecessor	1
who is the founder of NER's sponsorship	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the South of NER site	1
which dynasty does the father of NER live in?	0
what is the time zone of Southern NER	0
To which division does the location to the southeast of the place where the German general and knight's cross, NER, died?	1
what is the country of NER's sponsor?	0
do you know where the constituency of The Chief of NER is?	0
what is the name of the Prime Minister of the country played by NER?	0
where is the place where the general of the Soviet Union's medal NER died?	0
what is the burial place of the successor of the subject of NER	1
which district does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
what instrument did the creator of george jones' album NER use	0
what does the one that is after election of NER succeed?	0
who is before the children of NER	0
what wars were there in the era of people who were named NER	0
who is the publisher of NER's famous works?	0
what is the label of NER addition	0
what is the type of NER addition	0
what is the subdivision type of the capital of the place that NER takes place?	1
what is the deathpalce of the one that is after election of NER	0
do you know where is the address of the NER team	0
what sports does NER's team play in?	0
do you know what are the important positions that Next to NER holds	0
who has an important influence on the person whose name is used to name NER	0
do you know who the NER team coach is?	0
what is the type of the alma mater of NER	0
what is the type regulation of the province where NER mine in mongolia is located?	0
what is the post code type of the northwest of the home to NER	1
which country does the person whose name is used to name NER belong to?	0
where is the constituency of the leader of NER from?	0
what religion does the person or thing related to the result caused by NER believe in?	0
what language did the singer who performed for the compilation set NER speak?	0
do you know which club The coach from NER's club worked at?	1
what language uses Chronology of NER	0
President of Argentina from 2007 to 2015, who now holds the title of spouse of Argentina's Vice President NER	1
who is the predecessor of the descendant of the mother of NER?	1
where is the location of the North West NER location	1
which region does the county that NER belongs to belong to?	0
what is the Client-led organization of NER fukushima prefecture, japan?	0
do you know who is the father of Client de NER	0
where is the eponymous title of NER	0
what titles did the parents of the former Ukrainian Russian politician NER have	0
do you know what is the label of Chronology of NER	0
which country is the candidate of NER's voter origin?	1
what event determined the founding of the country in which the Polish video game company NER is located	0
do you know who is the President of Election after NER	0
who will be your next club from The stadium where the NER took place next	1
what is the parent moutain of the sponsor of NER?	0
which language is commonly used in the event that starts the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the subdivision type of the southwest of the location of NER	1
which dynasty does the legislature of the venue that NER is held belong to?	1
do you know where is the administrative center of the province where the NER is located	0
do you know where the person whose name is used to name NER died?	0
what is the location of the sponsor of NER?	0
where is the birthplace of the one that is after election of NER?	0
what is the timezong of the east of the place that NER takes place?	1
where did Hong Kong politician NER take office?	0
which religion does the leader of NER belong to?	0
where did the events involved in NER take place?	0
where is NER's team?	0
which place does the games of NER take place?	0
what does the leader of NER do?	0
what is the Northeast of the South of NER	0
what happened to the country (city) affected by NER, an oldburn	0
do you know what the job of NER Chronology	0
who makes the law of the cause of NER?	0
NER, Albert Ben, what is the name of the ocean in the west of the country and region it affects	0
who is the emperor of NER's participating countries	0
what happened in the controller of NER canada?	0
do you know who is the regent of The father of NER	0
who is the leader of the country that is spoken NER	0
what is the style of the title of the predecessor of NER?	1
do you know what the NER Division team is	0
who was the name used to name the people who were influenced by the crater NER on Mercury?	0
where was the birthplace of the election winner for walner	0
which dynasty does the legislature of NER's country belong to?	1
NER, 1834, the election of 1834 was Spain's first election since 1822. The election winner period who was the country's monarch	0
what time zone does the administrative center of the region where the mountain range NER belong to?	1
what is the subdivision type of the location province of NER?	0
who is the successor of the predecessor of the successor of NER?	1
what to broadcast after the Korean TV series NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the east of the location of NER	1
NER Western Liberia, what is the region type of the province where it is located?	0
what is the religion of the commander of NER?	0
NER, Wikimedia listing article, which time zone the location in the northwest of the city belongs to	1
do you know what time zone uses The Northwest of NER Millionaires	1
what is the name of the administrative division of The Northwest of NER location	1
what is the genre of the sponsor of NER	0
what does the creator of NER do?	0
where is the location of NER? where is the city in the west?	1
which type of subdivision does the east of the region of NER belong to?	1
what is the name of the mother of NER's successor's successor	1
who is the predecessor of the origin of NER's name?	0
where does the event of NER take place?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of The South East of NER Millionaires	1
what is the timezong of the northwest of the home to NER?	1
do you know what north of the NER team is	0
which house does the leader of NER belong to?	0
NER, the House of Commons, what is its leader's alma mater	0
who is the manufacturer of NER-related products?	0
what is the southwest of the province of the Cities affected by NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of NER South Site	1
NER, the 1985 edition of the Concafort Championship Association football game, where is the capital (or provincial capital) of the flag event established by its venue	1
where is the location of the North West NER location	1
do you know what the management level is at NER's Southeast Site	1
who leads the east of the location of NER?	1
where is the birthplace of The Mother of The Title of NER	1
which instrument does the name included in the NER play?	0
do you know where is the birthplace of Chronology of NER	0
what industry do NER-related things belong to?	0
which company lies in the east of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
which timezone does the northwest of the south of NER belong to?	1
what is the instrument used by the singer of the NER song?	0
The common languages of the The event that occurs in NER is?	0
what is Northern NER County	0
what is the post code type of the division that NER belongs to?	0
NER where is the capital (or provincial capital) of its eastern location and southern location	1
who will be the head of NER next	0
which admin division does the archipelago that NER belongs to belong to?	0
do you know what time zone uses Capital of Birthplace of NER	1
what is the area to which the location north of where NER died?	1
who is earlier than the leader of NER?	0
where is the position of the Events in NER	0
which party does the leader of NER belong to?	0
who leads the predecessor of the location of NER	1
do you know who was the front of The stadium where the NER was held before?	1
do you know what language is used in The notable works of NER	0
do you know what is the name of administrative district of West of East of NER	1
what is west to Largest city in NER united states?	0
who is the president of the alma mater of Italian businessman NER?	0
what type of people influenced the Taiwanese artist (1895-1947) NER	0
what dynasty does the successor of NER's descendants belong to?	1
which type of subdivision does the northwest of NER belong to?	0
do you know what time zone uses NER South	0
do you know what NER's eponymous craft is	0
who are the spouses of NER's parents	0
what is the country of origin of the creator of NER?	0
whose ancestor is the father of NER?	0
who is the incumbent of the title of the predecessor of NER	1
do you know where is the title of L'avant de Predecessor de NER	1
what is the subdivision type of the northeast of the death place of NER?	1
what is the zoning of the location in the southwest of the NER?	1
who is the mother of the person and things that shares the same name with NER?	0
which state does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
what is the ideology of the client of NER?	0
where is the event that starts the user of NER located?	1
what is the name of the alma mater of the person who influenced NER?	0
what is the title of the leader of the person or thing related to the consequences of NER?	0
what country does the NER name come from?	0
do you know who NER's Client's wife is	0
who is the successor of NER's principal?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the west of the home to NER?	1
which party belongs to Your next club from NER explained	1
do you know who the NER team coach is?	0
what time zone does the capital of the birthplace of the Egyptian politician NER belong to?	1
which type of subdivision does the northeast of the city that NER lives in belong to?	1
From what time came the Election after NER	0
who did a job before the team that won NER?	0
where did the name included in the NER go?	0
what is the title of the event leader in the NER era of Indian mathematicians, astronomers	0
which battle is the last of the title of NER involved?	1
what is the previous generation of the descendants of NER	0
NER, Utah Utah, USA what is the area of the location in the northwest of the location in the south?	1
what are the instruments used by the people in NER?	0
what is in the east of the largest city of NER?	0
what is the official language of the person or thing with the same name as NER?	0
do you know what the party of the NER leader is	0
who is the successor of the predecessor of the premier of NER?	1
in which city is NER's sponsor?	0
which type of subdivision does NER belong to's southern region?	0
what is the title of the host of the title of NER?	1
who starred in the theme of Universal Theme Park's attraction NER?	0
do you know what's wrong with NER's father	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the northeast of the southwest of NER?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the chief town of NER	0
what is the region of the west of the province of NER	1
do you know what time zone uses The West of NER Millionaires	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the province where the NER is located	0
do you know what time zone uses Southwest North NER california?	1
who is the predecessor of the leader of NER?	0
what is the name of the deputy of the participating countries in the last battle of the Vietnam War NER?	0
The royal family belonging to the previous generation of the descendants of NER	1
what is the timezong of the southwest of the northwest of NER?	1
do you know who is the wife of Election after NER	0
who did a job before the successor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
which type does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
what is the canton of the north of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
Did you know the common languages of NER's Famous Works were?	0
what is the alma mater of NER's candidate's predecessor?	1
do you know what is the management level of North East of North West of NER	1
what region is the southern part of the province where NER is located?	1
do you know who NER's Client was before	0
what is the industry of NER's customers?	0
what is the lingua franca of the flag events established by the venue of the NER?	1
what is the occupation of the creator of Neil Young's 2016 Triple Live Album + True Commitment NER	0
what is Northeast West NER location, wikimedia list article?	1
NER which time zone the city north of its location belongs to	1
who takes the place of the father of NER	0
do you know what the profession of Election is after NER	0
do you know where NER's client died	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of East of NER location	1
who takes the place of the successor of NER	0
where is the alma mater of the leader of NER	0
do you know what type of NER name	0
who is the wife of The father of NER	0
do you know who is the mentor of the NER Timeline	0
which affiliation does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
what is the city of the record company that vixx's single NER belongs to?	0
who makes the law of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
who is NER's father's spouse	0
When did the eponymous NER come from?	0
NER, al-Walid sultan of the Ottoman Empire (1627-1683), what was the previous generation of the descendants of his ruler	1
what is the rank of NER's election winner?	0
what city is NER's team in?	0
what is the religion of the successor of NER	0
who works as the deputy of the bay that NER is famous for?	0
what is the northeast of NER County oxfordshire, england?	0
what is the currency used in the countries and regions affected by NER?	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of the northeast of NER utah, united states?	1
who is the predecessor of the children of NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the northwest of the north of NER?	1
what is the language of the province of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what race was the person who influenced the greek philosopher NER?	0
what is the party affiliation of the legislature of NER's place of residence?	1
who made the singer who performed for NER	0
do you know what time zone uses Cities affected by NER	0
what industry do NER sponsors belong to?	0
do you know where is the alma mater of Next to NER	0
do you know who is on the NER Spouse title	1
who is the producer of NER Timeline	0
what is the timezong of the north of the southeast of NER utah, united states?	1
NER in which region its main towns are located	0
who leads the country that is affected by NER	0
where did NER's eponymous religion come from?	0
what is the name of the place east of the largest city in NER?	0
where is the south of the country that is affected by NER?	0
do you know what is the management level of The Northeast of NER Millionaires	1
who is the successor of the commander of NER?	0
what are the events of the famous work of the Dutch tennis player NER	0
do you know what type of Famous Works by NER	0
The common language spoken by people or things related to the consequences of war NER	0
what is the Type Settlement of The Northwest Site of NER	1
do you know what is northeast of NER county	0
what is the canton of the north of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
which family does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
which royal family is NER's election winner?	0
where does the county that NER belongs to come from?	0
who is the successor of the father of NER?	0
who leads the parliament where NER holds seats	0
do you know where the Events in NER take place?	0
which industry does the team that won NER belong to?	0
do you know what is the country of the manager of NER	0
which timezone does the north of the southwest of NER belong to?	1
which mountain range does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
who is the predecessor of the father of NER	0
do you know what is the status of The winner of NER	0
what is the title of The NER Related Thing	0
who is the successor of NER's candidate for successor	1
who starred in the theme of NER	0
what is the author of NER?	0
what is the education level of NER addition	0
do you know what religion The descendant of NER	0
what is the location of the location province of NER	0
do you know where is the title of The front of The question of NER	1
what is the era of the cause of NER	0
what is the title of the descendant of NER's spouse	1
where did the client of NER Czech Republic, die	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the north of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the emperor of the parliament in which a political party NER of North Korea holds seats	0
who is the female parent of the successor of NER	0
Who's leading the NER Location Publishing Event	1
what is the largest city in the province where NER is located?	0
what type of sponsor is NER	0
who is the successor of NER's team?	0
where did Les enfants du NER die?	0
what is the legislature of the predecessor of the stadium of NER?	1
what is the name of the administrative division of Southeastern Place of NER	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the division that NER belongs to?	0
what major is NER's election winner	0
NER, what is the zoning of the administrative center of the region where it belongs	1
do you know who is next to the Generals of the participating NERs	0
what is the subdivision type of the country that is affected by NER?	0
which religion do the leaders of NER believe in?	0
who is the director of NER's theme	0
do you know who the actor in The Notable Works of NER	0
who is the agent of The head of NER	0
NER, won by the Republican People's Party. what is the rank of the winner of an open vote using secret counting techniques?	0
which country does the event of NER belong to?	0
The consequences of a battle of 1242 during the Northern Crusades NER The common language spoken by a person or thing associated with it	0
where did NER play and get a job?	0
who is NER's successor's mother's successor	1
do you know what time zone the East of NER location uses	1
where is the Western Borough of NER's location	1
what is the nationality of the naming origin of the location of the largest city in the US, NER West?	1
where does the children of NER live?	0
what is the status of the Northeast NER location	1
what is the type of the client of NER?	0
who develops NER-related products	0
NER, the former kingdom of the Iberian Peninsula, what titles did its leaders hold	0
what candidates did the children of Alaska politician NER stand for?	0
which race does the person whose name is used to name NER belong to?	0
what is the subdivision name of the northwest of the west of NER?	1
do you know where is the address of Your next Predecessor club of NER	1
what is the type of the event involved in NER?	0
which administrative region is the archipelago in which NER is located?	0
NER, the US college basketball season, which time zone is its home south location in	1
what is the program that is after the notable work of NER	0
where does the southeast of the south of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
which title does the administrative region to NER belong to?	0
in which country is the head of NER located?	0
what is the type of NER's alma mater	0
what is the administrative region of the archipelago where NER is located?	0
who created the theme of NER	0
who is the predecessors of The Parents of NER	0
what region of the country does the southern part of NER's venue belong to?	1
who is the father of the person, thing, thing with the same name as NER?	0
which battle is the leader of NER involved?	0
who is the descendant of the father of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the leader of NER?	0
what is the subdivision name of the east of the north of NER california?	1
what is the image caption of the location of the national team that NER belongs to located in?	1
what is in the east of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
what instrument did the creator of NER use	0
The writings of the British architect NER who was involved in the building	0
what is the previous generation of the product or work related to NER	0
what is the address of the person whose name is used to name NER	0
what state is Election in after NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the location of NER?	1
The location of the football team's season NER, which division does the location in the Southwest belong to?	1
what is the legislature of the country of birth of NER?	0
what to broadcast after NER-related products are broadcast	0
what is the nationality of the one that is after election of NER?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the northwest of the north of NER?	1
who is the mother of the founding emperor who represents the male descendant of the French king Hugh Carpet, NER	1
which title does the country that is affected by NER own?	0
where is the theme of NER	0
do you know what is the mother of The father of NER	0
where is the burial place of Successor of The question of NER	1
who managed the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the parent of the one that is after election of NER?	0
which religion does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the subdivision name of the southeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
where the winner of the election for NER was born	0
who is the mother of the descendants of NER?	0
what industry do NER's customers belong to?	0
who is the developer of the theme of NER	0
what is the era of NER's Winner, A Battle?	0
who is the successor of the coach of NER	0
where is the place where the person who was named NER died	0
do you know where is the leader of The winner of NER	0
do you know where is the capital of The stadium publication event where the NER took place	1
which type of subdivision does the southeast of the north of NER belong to?	1
what is the level of management at NER's Southeast Site	1
Common language spoken in NER participating countries	0
what is the leading of the cause of NER?	0
who is NER's father's successor?	0
which language does the common language of the user of NER belong to?	1
what is the battle that NER is involved targeted at?	0
NER, Heritage Monument d-6-61-000-232 (0) in Aschaffenburg, Bavaria, what descendants of its clients	0
where did Wallner's election winner die?	0
which religion does the eponym of NER believe?	0
do you know what the royal family belonged to The front of NER's question	1
who is issued by the regnet of the descendant of NER	1
what is the time zone of East of NER's location	1
what are the events of the 16th century samurai and daimyo NER era	0
what is the predecessor of NER, valide sultana, descendant of its ruler	1
which timezone does the east of the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the succession of the successor of NER?	0
do you know what will be the next show of the NER related products?	0
what area is NER's headquarters located in the east?	1
what is NER responsible industry	0
what is the product or work related to NER?	0
do you know what is the product responsible for NER	0
who is the father of the leader of NER?	0
what is the type of Things related to NER	0
what is the type of NER's principal	0
do you know what will be the next show of the famous works of NER?	0
what is the provincial capital of the location west of the city where the Wikimedia list article NER belongs	1
who is the election winner for Wall NER led?	0
do you know what is the specialty of Election after NER	0
what is the sign event established by the location of the tenant of the Bangsa Stadium NER in Amman?	1
do you know what's wrong with The Father of NER	0
who is earlier than the client of NER?	0
who do the job after NER's related products?	0
which district does the west of the location of NER belong to?	1
do you know who is the mentor of the NER team	0
what is the capital of the province where a mine NER in Madagascar is located	0
which house does the successor of the descendant of NER belong to?	1
who are the leaders of the participating countries in the battle between the Dutch East India Company and the Ming loyalists of koxinga NER	0
do you know what the profession of The parents of NER	0
which team does the event of NER belong to?	0
which religion does the one that is after election of NER believe?	0
which type of subdivision does the east of the venue that NER is held belong to?	1
do you know what north is in the NER largest city	0
what time zone is used in the southern city of NER, a municipality in Spain	0
what area does the location in the northwest of NER belong to?	1
who is NER's eponymous wife	0
a Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao 2015NER location what is the name of the leader of the location in the east	1
what is the era of the cause of NER	0
A market town and commoner parish in the Valley of the White Horse, Oxfordshire, England, what is the southeast part of the county of NER?	0
what is the northwest of NER's largest city	0
who is NER's client's predecessor?	0
what is the common language of the cause of NER?	0
where did NER's eponymous religion come from?	0
who gives the honorific suffix of the one that is after election of NER?	0
what type of country is the title of the founder of NER	1
who is the leader of the Election after NER	0
what is the western part of the country and region affected by NER?	0
which type of government does the southwest of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
what religion does Participating NER Country believe in?	0
what is the government type of the team that won NER?	0
which dynasty is the eponym of NER born?	0
do you know who is the leader of the The Life of NER's Place of Death	1
what is the predecessor of the general of NER?	0
do you know where is the title of The front of The question of NER	1
where is the NER Theme region	0
what happened to the events of the 16th century samurai and daimyo NER era	0
where is the hometown of Famous Works by NER	0
who is the NER Manager Mentor	0
what is the religion of the combatant of NER?	0
what time zone is used for the southern location of a sports league football game NER	1
what is the home country legislature of NER	0
where is the capital of the controller of NER located?	0
who is the regnet of the father of NER?	0
what is the genre of the name included in the NER?	0
do you know who will be the next The first of The title of NER	1
who is the founder of NER's sponsorship	0
what is the cause of the event of NER?	0
what is the level of management at South of NER Southwest utah, united states?	1
where did Next to NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the northwest of the location of NER	1
what is the job title of an event leader?	1
which battle is the people, things and things with the same name as NER involved?	0
what is the bay that NER is famous for targeted at?	0
do you know what the party of the NER leader is	0
do you know what type of manager is NER	0
which language is used in the theme of NER?	0
do you know what is the management level of NER south	0
what time zone does the location in the southeast of NER's venue belong to?	1
what is the name of the place southeast of where the national team of the Ukrainian football player NER is held?	1
in which area is the southern location of the International Cricket Championship NER?	1
King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Iraq (1912-1939) (ruled 1933-1939) who is the descendant of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the children of NER?	0
do you know who is the president of the head of NER	0
where is the one that is after election of NER born?	0
which religion does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the northwest of NER's largest city	0
do you know what era came from the Election after NER	0
do you know what is the management level of Northeast of Northwestern NER utah, united states?	1
what is the title of the commander of NER?	0
what is the location of the title of the predecessor of NER?	1
what is the status of Participating NER Country	0
what is the title of the people who influence NER	0
NER who is the successor of the place where it takes place	1
what time zone does the location in the southeast of NER belong to?	1
what is the south east of NER County oxfordshire, england?	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of NER?	0
who are the children of NER's client	0
where is the burial place of the descendants of the persian king NER	0
what products does the client of NER have?	0
what is the religion of the person named NER?	0
what is the title of Premier of Predecessor of NER	1
who is the Premier of Next to NER	0
do you know what is the era of Generals of the participating NERs	0
what is the affiliation that the alma mater of NER belongs to?	0
what type of team does Canadian volleyball player NER belong to?	0
To which institution are the individuals in the USA Basketball Players and Coaches NER affiliated?	0
what is the origin of the author of NER	0
which type does the team that won NER belong to?	0
what are the titles of the participating nations in a battle NER in China in 617 AD	0
what is the previous generation of NER's election winner?	0
what is the subdivision type of the northeast of the death place of NER	1
who is the leader of the Front of The location of NER	1
do you know who are the descendants of Your next club Successor of NER	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the east of the headquarter of NER?	1
NER which division is its home southeast location in	1
what is the timezong of the southeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
which religion does the last of the title of NER believe?	1
who is NER's father's successor?	0
what are the affiliates of Alma mater of NER	0
in which country is the Alma mater of NER	0
what is the name of the team that NER belongs to during the football season	0
where is the northwest of the location of NER located?	1
what label does the creator of Tom Jones' album NER belong to?	0
who is the successor played by the Japanese politician NER?	0
who are the children of the Election after NER	0
where did the voters played by Hong Kong politician NER come from?	0
who is the spouse of the general of NER?	0
who is before the commander of NER?	0
what is The NER Related Thing Series	0
which religion does the client of NER believe?	0
who is the NER team president	0
who is the previous generation of the person named NER?	0
what is the language of the notable work of NER?	0
where is the administrative center of Western County of NER	1
do you know who is the leader of the Country of NER participant?	0
To which institution is the person in NER affiliated?	0
which district does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
which canton does the north of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
which is the capital of the event that starts the stadium that NER takes place?	1
which genre does the one that is influenced by NER belong to?	0
what is the type of artist who sings NER songs	0
do you know where the alma mater of Busy People is from NER's title	1
what events are related to people or things related to the consequences of NER	0
do you know what kind of manager is NER	0
what language does NER's famous work speak?	0
what is the team for The manager of The club of NER	1
who is the tenant of the venue of NER's national team?	1
what is the division of the northwest location of NER?	0
What's wrong with Generals of NER participating?	0
what is the title of the participating country leader of the NER?	0
where were the previous generation of NER candidates born?	1
what is the time zone used by The West of NER Millionaires	1
who married the leader of NER?	0
which party does the legislature belong to in the region where NER appears?	1
which type of subdivision does the north of the home to NER belong to?	1
where does the client of NER live?	0
who is the appointer of the nominator of the title of NER?	1
what is the capital name of the country that the venue that NER is held belongs to?	1
who is the owner of the successor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the predecessors of Next to NER	0
what is the person whose name is used to name NER?	0
where is the grave of Your next NER Subject club	1
who leads the event that starts the location of NER?	1
what is the religion of the cause of NER?	0
what is the religion of the descendants of NER, the founder of the pagan empire?	0
which title does the event that starts the location of NER own?	1
what is the northwest of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the rank of the person, thing, thing with the same name as NER, a protected cruiser of the Royal Navy	0
what is related to the car that NER is related to?	0
who is the developer of The NER Related Thing	0
do you know what Southwest NER County is	0
what time zone is the location in the northwest of the city where NER is located?	1
what is the subdivision type of the southeast of the home to NER	1
which religion does the cause of NER belong to?	0
to which dynasty the legislature where NER is used belongs	1
where is NER's famous work?	0
what is the subdivision name of the capital of the location of NER?	1
do you know who is the president of NER Premier Forward	1
who is the head of the Province where the NER is located	0
what is the name of the chairman of NER's father (mother)	0
where is the graduation school of the artist who sang NER songs	0
who is the father of The Mother of The Title of NER	1
what is the title of the descendant of the mother of NER	1
what is the series of related things about the mobile phone NER developed by Nokia?	0
A city in Garfield County, Utah, United States what time zone is used for the location in the north of NER and the location in the southwest	1
what is the east of the team that won NER?	0
what is the religion of the country that uses a peninsula Arabic NER spoken by Omanis?	0
do you know where is the city of NER Headquarters location	1
which official language is used by the country that is affected by NER?	0
who legislates the flag event established by the position of the NER?	1
where can i go south of the front of the stadium hosting NER	1
what includes NER related events?	0
who did a job before the incumbent of the title of NER	1
do you know what time zone uses The Northwest of NER Millionaires	1
who is the successor of the one that is after election of NER?	0
who are the descendants of the father of the son of the Prince of Naday, NER?	0
what instrument did the creator of max roach's album NER use	0
which type of subdivision does the northeast of the northwest of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
what type of creators are NER?	0
do you know who was the Next to NER before	0
do you know who is the president of the NER Client	0
where did NER's descendant die?	0
do you know what is the education level of Chronology of NERs?	0
in which city is NER's sponsor?	0
what time zone does the province of NER belong to?	0
what is the abbreviation of the international domain name Cities affected by NER	0
who is the wife of The founder of The party of NER	1
what is the instrument that the name included in the NER plays?	0
what series does NER related products belong to?	0
which party does the legislature of the area that NER is located in belong to?	1
what area is the location in the south of NER's home ground?	1
what is the major of NER's election winner?	0
what type of countries and regions are affected by NER?	0
what wars were there in the era of the origin of the NER name	0
what is the zoning of the site in the north of the NER and the site in the southeast?	1
who is the president of NER's candidate graduating college serving	1
which dynasty does the legislature of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
NER in which region is the province located	0
who is the wife of Le descendant de NER	0
who are the parents of Election after NER	0
do you know who is the leader of the NER location forward	1
which time zone does the country and region affected by NER belong to?	0
which team does the coach at the NER club location play for?	1
do you know where is the Head of Country of participating NER	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Northern The place of death of NER	1
what is the rank of the one that is after election of NER?	0
what is the level of management at the South East of NER site	1
what is the time zone used by NER South	0
do you know what is the Cities affected by NER	0
what is the region of the east of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is establishedEvent aux The area where NER is used	0
what is the management level at South of NER World Day Venue	1
which type of postal code does the archipelago that NER belongs to belong to?	0
what dynasty did NER's father belong to?	0
what is the timezong of the southwest of the city that NER lives in?	1
do you know who is the mother of Your next club The question of NER	1
who did the origin of the NER name affect?	0
what is the type of division of The largest city in the NER	0
do you know what is the final event of the Master of NER	0
where is the constituency of The head of NER	0
who is before the commander of NER?	0
do you know what is the southeast of the north of the city where the NER is located	1
who is the founder of NER's alma mater	0
do you know who is the leader of the famous works of NER	0
who took the place of the leader of NER?	0
do you know what time zone is in South of NER spain?	0
what is the title of the previous generation NER, the Grand Duchess of Austria, the descendant of the Belgian princess	1
what is the dynasty of NER's descendant	0
what is the type of the nominator of the title of NER	1
what does the person or thing about the result of NER represent?	0
where is the sponsor of NER located?	0
when is the predecessor of the predecessor of NER born?	1
what is the legislature of the country of birth of NER	0
do you know the language family of NER's Notable Works	0
what zip code is used for locations in the north of NER and locations in the southeast?	1
where is the alma mater of the leader of the label of NER?	1
what is the surrounding city of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
which empire's dynasty is the descendant of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of NER-related stuff	0
do you know what is the next film of The leader of NER	0
In what condition is NER's Alma mater	0
who legislates the country (city) affected by NER	0
which area is swept through by the name included in the NER	0
What's before The Question of NER's Mother	1
do you know who will be next The front of The stadium where the NER took place	1
which type of subdivision does the southeast of the north of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
do you know what the NER team does?	0
Whose predecessor is the product related to NER?	0
do you know where is the constituency of the West of NER location	1
do You Know who Is NER's Timeline Wife	0
what is the name of the administrative division of The main town of NER	0
do you know who is the founder of the head of NER	0
where is the birthplace of the coach of NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the south of the place that NER takes place?	1
who is earlier than things related to NER?	0
who is the NER Lead Developer	0
which industry is the sponsor of NER from?	0
which instrument does the singer of NER play?	0
do you know what's wrong with The Father of NER	0
what is the areaCodeType of The largest city in the NER	0
when is the one that is after election of NER born?	0
what time zone does the location in the southeast of NER belong to?	1
what is the timezong of the southwest of the north of NER utah, united states?	1
where does the man who influenced NER work?	0
what is the title of the participating country of NER?	0
who are the descendants of the leaders of the former German Principality NER?	0
NER where is the city located in the west	1
From what era did the The leader of NER come	0
do you know who owns responsible for NER	0
who leads the predecessor of the location of NER?	1
who is the successor to NER-related products?	0
who is the successor of things related to NER?	0
what is the zoning of the location in the south of NER and the location in the southeast?	1
who is the president of NER's election winner serving?	0
do you know where the headquarters of The Winner of NER is	0
Whose predecessor did Japanese politician NER play	0
what is the profession of NER Timeline	0
what is the form of NER's election winner	0
what is the nationality of Election after NER	0
NER's event is part of what event	0
what is EstablishedEvent at NER Country	0
what area is the capital of the location of NER?	1
what region is the participating country of NER in?	0
what are the titles of NER's children	0
which party belongs to Election after NER	0
where does the origin of NER occur's name?	0
what time zone is used for the location west of the city where NER is located Utah, USA	1
what is the honorary suffix of The leader of NER	0
what is the time zone of the location in the east of the Wikimedia listing article NER	1
what is the genre of the notable work of NER	0
what is the language family of the common language where NER is used?	1
where is the city of Alma mater of NER	0
what is the name of the alma mater of the person named NER?	0
what is the succession of the successor of NER?	0
who married the commander of NER	0
where is the birthplace of the coach of the badminton player NER	0
what is the region type of the province where NER is located?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the southeast of the city that NER lives in?	1
do you know what the NER Country of Origin label is	0
where is the location of the west of the county of NER	1
which company lies in the east of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
which title does the cause of NER belong to?	0
what titles did U.S. Senator NER from Nebraska play	0
what lies in the northwest of the county that NER england, united kingdom, belongs to?	0
which team takes part in the manager of the club that NER belongs to?	1
where is the author of NER located?	0
which dynasty is the leader of NER born?	0
what is the area of NER's home west location for the college basketball season?	1
what is the last war for the title of NER?	1
what is the religion of the descendants of NER?	0
what is the NER Location Release Event	1
which type of post code does the northwest of the home to NER belong to?	1
where was the birthplace of the father of NER, the princess of the Han Dynasty	0
what is the largest city in the province where NER is located?	0
NER, the US college basketball season, which division is the northern location of its home court?	1
where is the alma mater of the leader of the label of NER?	1
what is the zoning of the site in the north of the NER and the site in the southeast?	1
Who's the leader of NER's Winner, A Battle?	0
which religion does the one who is alongside NER belong to?	0
what is the time zone of the location in the southeast of the NER's venue?	1
in which state is NER's alma mater?	0
what is the type of NER Sports	0
do you know who is the owner of NER's Notable Works	0
what is the location of the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the time zone for places in the northwest of NER	0
where is the constituency of the one who is alongside NER from?	0
what is the birthplace of the singer who performed for NER?	0
which district is the area northwest of NER	0
what is the rank of the leader of NER?	0
who is before the successor of NER?	0
which genre does NER belong to's famous works?	0
who is the spouse of the successor of the title of NER	1
what is the occupation of the artist who sings the NER song?	0
where is the state administration of La mer around NER	0
what is the zoning of a city in Emory County, Utah, United States, NER, location, northwest, location, northeast, location?	1
who is the predecessor of the event happened in NER?	0
what is the legislature of the legislature of the position of NER	1
what is the genre of the singer of NER?	0
do you know what is the homeland of Southern NER	0
who is the leader of the legislature where the NER is held?	1
do you know who is the wife of The descendant of NER	0
who is before the coach of NER?	0
where is the birthplace of the origin of the NER name	0
do you know what time zone is using Northwest of Northeast of NER	1
what is the name of the NER coach	0
where was the trustee of NER Czech Republic born	0
who is the director of NER's book	0
what is the legislature of the combatant of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the descendant of NER?	1
what is the region of the autonomous region where NER is located?	1
who is the predecessor of the one who is alongside NER?	0
who created the sponsor of NER?	0
who is the leader of NER?	0
do you know where is the administration of La mer around the NER	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of NER?	0
which title does the parent of NER belong to?	0
which type of government does the event that starts the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
who is the key figure responsible for NER	0
which division does the capital of the state where NER belong to?	1
do you know what Election awards after NER won?	0
what is the southeast of the north of the location of NER?	1
do you know who is the Theme editor of NER california?	0
who is the next general of NER?	0
who is the spouse of the country that the party of NER founded?	1
in which country is the Alma mater of NER located?	0
what is the postal code of The North-West of NER Site	1
which province does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
which office does the incumbent of the title of NER belong to?	1
what is the parent moutain of the sponsor of NER?	0
where is the arrondissement of The main city of NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
where is the city of NER team	0
what is the genre of the sponsor of NER?	0
where did NER's parents graduate	0
where is the capital of The province where the NER is located	0
who is the successor to the person named NER?	0
what is the timezong of the south of the home to NER	1
where is the administrative center of the province where NER is located	0
what is the form of the owner of a NER club location	1
do you know who is on the NER Predecessor title?	1
do you know what happened during the Events in NER	0
what is the timezong of the south of the home to NER?	1
do you know who is the successor of The father of NER	0
do you know what is the level of Club management in which Est de NER is part?	1
which timezone does the east of the district of NER belong to?	1
do you know where is the capital of the province where the NER is located	0
what is the title of the event leader established by the location of the NER?	1
who do the job after the one that is after election of NER	0
what is the time zone of the location south of the NER's venue?	1
what is the predecessor of the father of the Japanese prince priest NER in the Kamakura era	0
what is the eponym of NER?	0
where is the singer who performed for NER educated?	0
do you know who is the wife of NER's parents	0
do you know what currency is used in Cities affected by NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the northwest of NER?	1
who are the Generals participating in the Events in NER, one of the Sixteen Kingdoms?	0
do you know who are the tenants of L'avant de The stadium where the NER took place?	1
1923-1980 UK's self-governing colony NER events what type of country	0
what titles do descendants of NER's mother have?	1
do you know what is the house of The father of NER	0
where is the Alma Mater of Your next NER Candidate club	1
who is the commander of the event of NER?	0
what dynasty does the descendant of NER belong to?	0
which country system is used by the country or region of a rugby league NER team	0
what time zone does Northwestern NER Millionaires use?	1
what is the nationality of NER's election winner?	0
whose ancestor is the father of NER?	0
A town in Sevier County, Utah, United States, location in the northwest of NER, location in the south, in which area	1
what is the industry of the client of NER?	0
who managed the tenant of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
which timezone does the northwest of NER belong to?	0
do you know who is the owner of the famous works of NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the north of the northwest of NER utah, united states?	1
what titles do NER's clients have?	0
where did NER play work?	0
who is the producer of NER Theme	0
what is the type of The sea around the NER	0
which title does the parent of NER belong to?	0
do you know what Election run agency is after NER	0
who will be your next club from The stadium where the NER took place next	1
who is the wife of Your next Subject club from NER	1
where was NER's general born?	0
do you know who is the leader of the Country of NER participant?	0
where is the client of NER czech republic, born?	0
do you know what happened during the events in NER	0
which river is the the author of NER originated from?	0
in which country is the Election after NER	0
what are the important positions of The leader of NER	0
who is the female parent of the leader of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?/ who is the father of the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know who is the leader of Election after NER	0
who is the publisher of NER's famous works?	0
which house does the legislature of the venue that NER is held belong to?	1
where is the alma mater of Persons affected by a NER	0
what is the timezong of the southwest of the north of NER utah, united states?	1
who did a job before the leader of NER	0
what is the family of NER related things?	0
where is the administrative center of the location west of NER's city?	1
what is in the east of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
where did NER's parents graduate	0
which mountain range does NER belong to's related products?	0
do you know who are the children of the Election after NER	0
where NER's election winner died	0
who is the successor of the title of NER?	1
where is the place where the father of the ancient Japanese royal family NER died?	0
who is the director of the author of NER?	0
what is the timezong of the southwest of the city that NER lives in?	1
what is the name of the administrative division of NER South Site	1
where does the event involved in NER take place?	0
what is the alma mater of the election winner of the 16th parliamentary election NER	0
who is the predecessor of the inaugural of the title of NER?	1
what is the name of the administrative division of Northern The place of death of NER	1
who is the leader of the Front of The location of NER	1
who is NER's father next?	0
what is the Model Regulation of The province where the NER is located	0
what is the name of the alma mater of the leader of NER?	0
whose name is used to name the largest city of NER?	0
which religion does the client of NER italy which is now used as a museum, belong to?	0
which city does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
where is the title of NER's Husband question	1
NER, awarded by the Royal Society of Edinburgh, whose sponsor is the President	0
what is the subdivision type of the northeast of the city that NER lives in?	1
who is the key people of the sponsor of NER?	0
who is the commander of the name included in the NER?	0
do you know where is the title of Chronologie des NER	0
who is the wife of participating NER Generals	0
what is the time zone of the location of NER's home northwest	1
what is the timezong of the south of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know who is the leader of the Cities affected by NER	0
what is the division of the administrative center of the area to which NER belongs?	1
who is the descendant of the successor of NER?	0
do you know who is the first governor of the Nickname of NER	0
what is the rank of the head of NER?	0
what is the level of management at Club in which Est de NER is part of	1
what is the location of the NER location in the west?	1
NER's birth country was established by which event?	0
what is the zoning of the location north of NER's home ground?	1
which label does the author of NER belong to?	0
The names of the sponsor leaders of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMO) Annual Awards NER are	0
do you know what state is Next to NER	0
who is the predecessor of the father of NER?	0
where is the mayor of NER	0
who is earlier than the parent of NER	0
what takes the place of the regnet of the descendant of NER?	1
what is the name of the administrative division of the North of the North-West of NER	1
do you know what type of NER's Alma mater is	0
do you know where is the address of the NER team	0
do you know who the artist of the NER Timeline is?	0
what is the party affiliation of the father (mother) of the Afghan diplomat NER?	0
where did the participating countries of NER appear?	0
where is the region of The main city of NER	0
which political system does the person and things that shares the same name with NER belong to?	0
what is the legislature of the country that is affected by NER?	0
what is the honorific suffix for the children of Cambodian politician NER?	0
do you know that before NER's descendant is?	0
what time zone does the location in the southern part of NER's venue belong to?	1
what are the types of children of a historic Aramaic-based alphabet NER	0
what is the house of Generals of the participating NERs	0
what does the position part of NER's national team belong to?	1
what is in the charge of the one who is alongside NER	0
who is the successor of the android smartphone model NER launched by Google and Huawei in 2015	0
what is the leader name of the west of the location of NER?	1
what is the type of the alma mater of NER?	0
which label does the author of NER belong to?	0
where is the location of the North West NER location	1
what is the institution where Parents of NER studied?	0
do you know what is the final event of the Cities affected by NER	0
do you know what is the management level of the East of the South West of NER	1
NER, a former nation whose leader's father is	0
what is the division type of NER national team location	1
what is the timezong of the east of the district of NER?	1
who legislates the rulers of the descendants of the Burgundian king NER?	1
which genre does NER belong to's famous works?	0
what is the death place of the father of NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the southeast of the north of NER?	1
what language is used in Theme from NER	0
what is the legislature of the area where NER is used	0
which title does the leader of NER own?	0
do you know what the educational level of NER's eponymous	0
The location in the north of the NER is in which area is the location in the northwest	1
which dynasty does the successor of NER live in?	0
NER, football team's season, what is the title of the location leader in the southwest of its host	1
where did the creators of NER originate from?	0
When did the NER Timeline jr., come from?	0
in which area is the city in the north of NER and the city in the west?	1
where did NER's nickname live?	0
what does the client of NER italy which is now used as a museum, succeed?	0
do you know what time zone uses North of Southeast NER utah, united states?	1
what are the types of singers participating in NER	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of East of World NER Day Venue	1
who is NER's father's successor?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the alma mater of NER	0
who is earlier than the predecessor of the predecessor of NER?	1
what is the timezong of the capital of the birth place of NER?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the northwest of the location of NER?	1
who is the coach of the team that won NER	0
where is the title of NER Timeline	0
what does the logo of NER's nickname look like?	0
where is the leader of NER buried?	0
do you know who is the heir of NER's parents	0
which title does the one who is alongside NER own?	0
NER, a state in France to which division its major towns belong	0
what is the religion of the person named NER?	0
do you know who is the author of The notable works of NER	0
NER, where was the birthplace of the winner of the election of the Spanish general in 1876	0
where is the archipelago where NER is located?	0
do you know where the arrondissement of La ville principal de NER is located?	0
what is the religion of the descendants of NER?	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the death place of NER?	1
who is the president of Alma mater of NER	0
what is the subdivision type of the north of the home to NER?	1
what region does the location in the southern province of the Wikimedia list article NER belong to?	1
what is the royal family of Election after NER	0
who is the predecessor of the leader of NER?	0
what is the leader title of the west of the province of NER	1
what is the time zone for the area northwest of NER	0
NER, a TV series where the mother of its title was born	1
what is the affiliation that the sponsor of NER belongs to?	0
what is birth place of the successor of NER?	0
who does the job after the successor of the predecessor of NER?	1
which title does the singer of NER own?	0
NER what is the area of its main towns?	0
which branch does the leader of NER belong to?	0
NER who is the team in its league	0
what is Southern NER County	0
who wrote the sponsor of NER?	0
do you know who is the President of Election after NER	0
what kind of company is the sponsor of NER sculptor, engraver and printmaker (1880-1938)?	0
where did the election winner of the Belgian election NER die?	0
do you know which domain belongs to The name of the ship from NER	0
which national team are the people in NER from?	0
do you know what is the maker of NER Related Things	0
what was the last show of the work that made the Japanese actress and model NER known	0
what is the title of the predecessor of the predecessor of NER?	1
NER where is its location in the southeast	1
what is the legislature of the flag event established by the position of the NER?	1
do you know where the headquarters of NER's label is	0
what is the name of the mother of the descendant of NER?	0
which country did the candidate's ancestry of NER's voters come from?	1
which genre does the singer of NER belong to?	0
what is the name of the administrative division of Capital of the location of NER on the canopic branch of the nile river?	1
who is the successor of the origin of NER's name?	0
which party does the parliament of seats held by NER belong to?	0
which religion does the last of the title of NER believe?	1
What's Before The NER-Related Thing	0
what is the genre of The Children of the NER	0
what are the awards won by Beside NER	0
where is the person and things that shares the same name with NER born?	0
who takes the place of the coach of NER?	0
NER's location what area is the Northwest location in?	1
who leads the legislature of the death place of NER?	1
NER what is the area of its location north of the city to which it belongs	1
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the premier of NER?	1
what is west in NER County	0
do you know what is the Capital management level of NER location	1
what is the legislature of the legislature of the location of NER?	1
do you know what is the name of administrative district of West of NER site	1
in which area is the southern location of the NER held?	1
which battle is the one that is after election of NER involved?	0
who is the NER Manager Mentor	0
do you know what Northwest NER County is	0
where did the one that is after election of NER die?	0
what is the previous generation of the descendants of the Assyrian king NER	1
what is the deathpalce of the one that is after election of NER	0
what is the type of NER-related stuff	0
which timezone does NER belong to's southern region?	0
which country is the election winner of Wall NER?	0
what is the nationality of eponym from NER	0
who is the heir to Next to NER	0
what is the mother of the successor of NER	0
what is the type of Alma mater of NER	0
what dynasty does the successor of NER's descendants belong to?	1
what type of person is used to name NER	0
who is the predecessor of the father of NER?	0
what is the name of ner's father's spouse's mother	1
what time zone is used for the location in the west of the city where the Wikimedia listing article NER is located	1
do you know who is the founder of the NER Timeline	0
where did the client of NER Czech Republic, die	0
which title does the one that is after election of NER own?	0
what is the type of business of NER team	0
do you know that before The question of NER next is?	1
where is the borough of East of The stadium where the NER took place	1
where are NER's sponsors?	0
what did the bay that NER is famous for found?	0
what is the timezong of the north of the location of NER	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of Northwest of Northern NER utah, united states?	1
what time zone does the location in the southern part of NER's venue belong to?	1
Location of NER what is the status of the location in the Northeast	1
where is the birthplace of the commander of NER?	0
NER, American politician (1929-2018), what is his alma mater	0
what is the award for Wallner's election winner?	0
who is the leader of the legislature of the death place of NER	1
what is the region of the origin of NER's name?	0
what time zone does the location in the north of NER belong to?	1
what will be broadcast after the 2016 Korean TV series NER	0
who leads the cause of NER	0
which type does NER belong to-related products?	0
what is the mother of the successor of the successor of NER?	1
do you know what is north in the National team location of NER	1
do you know where is the title of The team of NER	0
what is in the east of the county that NER belongs to?	0
where is the largest city north of NER USA?	0
which river is the the singer of NER originated from?	0
do you know where is the title of The addition of NER	0
what is the subdivision type of the north of the south of NER utah, united states?	1
do you know who are the descendants of Regent from La question de NER	1
what takes the place of the successor of the successor of NER?	1
who do the job after the leader of NER?	0
where is the one who is alongside NER located?	0
which country does the title of the country that NER founded belong to?	1
what is the time zone of the location of NER's home northwest	1
what takes the place of the regnet of the descendant of NER	1
what is the legislature of the leader of the Chinese dynasty NER established by Wu Zetian	0
who takes the place of the commander of NER?	0
who was the head of NER before?	0
which team does the tenant of the location of NER belong to?	1
where did the author of NER study?	0
who makes the law of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
which country does the combatant of NER belong to?	0
what is the other name that the alma mater of NER is known as?	0
what is the zoning of the location in the northeast where NER died?	1
what is the language of the theme of NER?	0
who are the descendants of NER?	0
where is World Famous Works Day by NER	0
where the name is used to name the person who graduated NER	0
who makes the law of the administrative region to NER belongs?	0
what wars did NER's customers take part in	0
which type of subdivision does the northwest of the east of NER belong to?	1
which industry is things related to NER from?	0
what is the status of the combatant of NER	0
which program is before NER's famous works?	0
what is the name of NER's next-generation spouse's mother?	1
what is the zoning of the location in the southeast of where NER died?	1
what is the position of the northeast of the location of NER?	1
where is the administrative center of the title of the President served by the Cambodian politician (1925-2013) NER	1
who is the spouse of the general of NER?	0
do you know who is the president of L'avant Candidate de NER	1
do you know where is the Head of Country of origin of NER	0
what is the title of The Descendant of NER	0
where does NER occur related events?	0
where is the address of the NER team	0
do you know what time zone uses The province where the NER is located	0
where is the residence of Nickname of NER	0
do you know who is the father of The leader of NER	0
who does the job after the predecessor of the premier of NER?	1
which house does the legislature of the country that NER belongs to belong to?	1
what is the occupation of the leader of NER?	0
do you know who is the regent of The descendant of NER	0
what is the NER Chronology Label	0
where is the location of the manager of NER	0
what is the nationality of eponym from NER	0
what to broadcast after the work that made NER known	0
where is the place where the general of the Soviet Union's medal NER died?	0
who is the last kind of the descendant of the spouse of NER?	1
1923-1980 The events of Britain's self-governing colony NER set up the event	0
which dynasty is the one that is after election of NER born?	0
do you know where the religion of NER Client comes from	0
do you know what is the language of NER Timeline	0
NER what is the area to which the location northwest of its location belongs?	1
do you know where is the heir of The descendant of NER	0
where did the eponym of NER die?	0
which had a significant impact on the eponymous career of NER	0
who is the proxy for NER's election winner?	0
which affiliation does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
who married the leader of NER	0
what is the birthplace of Le descendant de NER	0
do you know what type of NER-related stuff is a multi-touch trackpad by apple?	0
what language is the official language of the countries and regions affected by NER?	0
what is the dynasty to which belongs Regent de La question de NER, un queen cornsort of the belgians?	1
who is the father of NER's election winner	0
who makes the law of the country that is spoken NER?	0
where is the location in the west of the city where NER is located?	1
do you know who is the father of The mother of The title of NER	1
what is the official language of the country (city) affected by NER?	0
what kind of company is the team that won NER	0
where does the name Famous Works of NER come from?	0
what is the address of the NER's team for a season of football	0
do you know where the birthplace of NER addition is?	0
where is the origin of the NER name passed away	0
what Happened Around the Time of Events in NER	0
do you know who is the predecessor of Next to NER	0
do you know where NER Client's birthplace is czech republic?	0
who is the successor of the successor of NER	0
what cities are around the location of NER's national team?	1
NER Catalonia, Spain, in which region is the city located in the north of it	1
which timezone does the east of the place that NER takes place belong to?	1
what does the status of the country that is affected by NER belong to?	0
who married the eponym of NER?	0
what is the alma mater played by the Japanese politician NER?	0
where was the birthplace of the father of the Emperor of Japan NER?	0
what is the genre of the sponsor of NER?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of the North West of the location of NER	1
who is the parent of the one that is influenced by NER?	0
who is the next father of the descendants of NER?	1
what is the job of the singer who participated in NER	0
where is the city in the north of NER's host?	1
what is the party affiliation of the province where a coal mine NER is located in Saxony, Germany	0
do you know which party belongs to The parents of NER	0
Empress of the Byzantine Empire (752-803) which empire's dynasty is the descendant of NER?	0
what is the predecessor of the previous generation of the venue of the football season NER?	1
do you know who is the regent of The winner of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the father of NER?	0
what is the subdivision type of the southeast of the death place of NER?	1
who leads the one who is alongside NER	0
who is the predecessor of NER's related products?/ who is the father of NER's related products?	0
do you know what timezone uses South of Southwest NER	1
do you know what is the profession of NER Chronology?	0
who manufactured NER-related products?	0
what time zone is used for the location in the west of the NER's location?	1
what is the management level at Explanation of World NER Day Venue	1
which religion does the name that the country admin division of NER is named for believe?	1
NER, the German Marathon, who is the most important among its sponsors	0
where have people whose names were used to name NER lived?	0
do you know what kind of NER addition	0
do you know what is north in NER County	0
what type of school is NER's alma mater?	0
who is the successor played by NER?	0
what is the education level of NER's eponymous	0
who are the eponymous people affected by NER	0
which type does the largest city of NER belong to?	0
who is issued by the leader of NER?	0
do you know what era came from the eponym of NER	0
where is the birthplace of the father of NER?	0
NER to which institution does his alma mater belong	0
what city is the Canadian volleyball player NER's team from?	0
what is the leading body of the father (mother) of the former Ukrainian Russian politician NER	0
what is connected with things related to NER?	0
who is the descendant of the ancient king NER?	0
do you know what is the management level of The northeast of NER's place of death	1
who is the heir of Election after NER	0
who did a job before the one that is after election of NER?	0
do you know what is the postalCodeType of The Main Body of NER Chiefs	0
who is the father of The Children of the NER	0
what is the title of the descendant of the ruler of the Ottoman sultan's wife NER	1
what are the occupations of the father and mother of the Hong Kong businessman NER	0
where does the name included in the NER occur?	0
who is the predecessor of the leader of NER?	0
who is the client of the NER Spouse title	1
which league do NER teams play in?	0
what is the latest show from Notable Works of Japanese Manga Artist NER?	0
where is the birthplace of NER's election winner	0
where is the coach of NER born?	0
what is the zoning of the location in the southwest of the NER and the location in the east?	1
do you know who is the chief of the area where NER is used?	0
which label does the name included in the NER work for?	0
what is the genre of the theme of NER?	0
what do NER election winners do?	0
where is the province of the Alma mater of NER	0
where did the clients of the former castle NER in the Netherlands live?	0
The name of the leader of the administrative area for which the NER is responsible is	0
which type of subdivision does the death place of the successor of NER belong to?	1
what area is the location in the southern part of NER's venue?	1
who is the leader of the children of NER?	0
what is the occupation of the parent of NER?	0
in which state is NER's alma mater?	0
what is the war in which the leaders of the NER fought	0
what is the type of the alma mater of NER?	0
who is the successor of the successor of the place where NER is held?	1
where is the south of the location of NER located?	1
what is the level of management in Northwest of NER lands of the ebro, tarragona province, spain?	0
who is the predecessors of The front of The successor of NER	1
do you know who is the heir of NER's Premier Predecessor	1
what is the capital (or provincial capital) of the location in the northern part of the province where NER is located	1
what is the timezong of the northwest of the city that NER lives in?	1
what is the person whose name is used to name NER awarded?	0
what is the genre of the eponym of NER?	0
do you know what is the political system of the NER ship name	0
NER, American football player (1928-1990), where is his alma mater	0
What's before The father of NER	0
What's next for the Notable Works of Japanese Mangaka NER?	0
where is the graduate school of the creator of NER?	0
what time zone does the location in the southern part of NER's venue belong to?	1
what time zone is the southern part of NER Spain?	0
what children did the person named NER have	0
who is NER's client who started it?	0
who is the last person who influenced NER?	0
what is the leading of the cause of NER?	0
what was the last show of the work that made the Japanese actress and model NER known	0
what titles does the source of the NER name have?	0
what eponymous domain of NER belongs to	0
who did a job before the one who is alongside NER?	0
where is the title of The leader of NER	0
what is the subdivision type of the southwest of the location of NER	1
where are the participating countries of NER?	0
do you know who will be the next Front of Your next NER club	1
what is the type of person whose name is in the Wikimedia listing article NER	0
what language does NER's famous work speak?	0
who did a job before the one that is after election of NER	0
NER, the name of the previous generation leader of a football team for a season whose position is	1
what is the succession of the successor of NER?	0
who is the source of the information about the person or thing that results from NER	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the southwest of the northeast of NER?	1
who is the predecessor of the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
which team does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
what is the region of the east of the location of NER?	1
do you know what Southwest NER County is	0
what is the timezong of the southwest of the north of NER?	1
what is the job of the singer who performed for NER?	0
which affiliation does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
do you know who the cast member of NER Theme	0
what are the titles of NER's children	0
what is the canton of the chief town of NER	0
where is the graduation school of the singers who participated in NER?	0
what is the affiliation of the Alma mater of NER	0
who is the monarch of the one that is after election of NER?	0
which type of government does the location province of NER belong to?	0
do you know who are the parents of Parents of NER	0
do you know what dynasty is from The father of NER	0
which province is the northwest of the home to NER settled in?	1
what is the country of NER's alma mater?	0
which type of postal code does the largest city of NER belong to?	0
what is the subdivision of the nickname of NER?	0
which race does the leader of NER belong to?	0
do you know where NER's descendant is buried	0
do you know what will be the next show of the notable work of NER	0
what time zone does the country (city) affected by NER use?	0
NER who led the legislature where he died	1
what is the business type of NER Related Things	0
do you know who the NER-related stuff was before?	0
where is the alma mater of the one who is alongside NER	0
what is the canton of the chief town of NER	0
which admin division does the south of the location of NER belong to?	1
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of North of Northwestern NER utah, united states?	1
where is the capital of the location province of NER located?	0
where is the head of NER's era?	0
what is the education level of The addition of NER	0
NER in which district is it located in the northwest	1
NER Italy, now used as a museum whose client is the last	0
what is the participating NER Country Legislature	0
which region does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
what is the time zone used by The South of The stadium where the NER took place	1
do you know what is the type of parts of National team location of NER	1
do you know what is southeast of NER county	0
what is the year of The Children of the NER	0
who is the producer of the theme of NER?	0
what language did the creator of vixx's album NER speak in?	0
who is earlier than the leader of NER?	0
An amphitheater attraction at Tokyo Disneyland, based on Walt Disney's charming Tiki room, featuring Stitch from Lilo & Stitch NER's themed what's the place in the northeast called	0
which family does the car that NER is related to belong to?	0
do you know where is the capital of the province where the NER is located	0
what is the region of the location in the southern part of the province where NER is located?	1
do you know where Persons affected by an NER physicist, engineer, and philosopher of science works?	0
NER, 2009 World Wrestling Entertainment pay-to-view event, what type of company is it sponsored by	0
which division is the northern part of the birthplace of American racing driver NER?	1
do you know who is the president of Alma mater de NER	0
do you know who is the heir of Your next club Predecessor of NER	1
what is originated from the client of NER	0
which state does the alma mater of NER belong to?	0
do you know what language is used in NER's Notable Works	0
do you know where is the Area region covered by the The stadium where the NER took place	1
which type does the predecessor of the predecessor of NER belong to?	1
who is the starring role of the sponsor of NER	0
what is the currency used in Cities affected by NER	0
which dynasty does the successor of NER and mother of emperor constantine the great (250-330), belong to?	0
do you know who is the heir of Predecessor of Your next NER club	1
where is the coach of NER born?	0
what offspring did NER's father have?	0
which president did NER play for?	0
who will be The front of The stadium where the NER took place next	1
do you know who was the Election after NER before	0
what is the time zone of the location south of NER's home ground for the college basketball season?	1
who makes the law of the country of birth of NER?	0
what industry do NER sponsors belong to?	0
who developed the products or works related to the android smartphone model NER launched by Google and Huawei in 2015	0
do you know who is the head of events in NER	0
who is the developer of the sponsor of NER?	0
what is the title of The Descendant of NER	0
what is the house of the descendant of the mother of NER	1
what is the name of the work organization of a person affected by NER?	0
what is the author of NER?	0
who is the developer of NER's related products?	0
what is the level of management at NER World Day Venue Capital	1
which timezone does the east of the place that NER takes place belong to?	1
do you know the location of NER's Northwest Theme featuring the Stitch from Lilo & Stitch?	0
what is the language that is commonly used by the combatant of NER	0
do you know what the eastern waters of Cities affected by NER	0
NER, British architect, where is his famous work	0
do you know what is the district of The main city of NER	0
what is the party of the father of NER	0
who is the director of the notable work of NER	0
what is the nationality of Election after NER	0
NER's location which district does the location in the northwest belong to?	1
where is the constituency of The head of NER	0
who do the job after the one who is alongside NER	0
who is the predecessor of the incumbent of the title of NER?	1
do you know who is the leader of The winner of NER	0
which dynasty does the father of NER belong to?	0
where is the one that is after election of NER located?	0
do you know what is the name of the administrative district of Capital of the location of NER	1
NER Northwest location in which region is the northern location in?	1
which title does the cause of NER belong to?	0
which dynasty does the successor of NER live in?	0
where is the constituency of the one that is after election of NER from?	0
what type of things are related to NER?	0
what is the area of NER County england?	0
who is the director of NER's sponsorship	0
who did a job before the leader of NER	0
do you know what the party of the NER leader is	0
what currency is used in the countries and regions affected by NER	0
do you know who is the publisher of The Notable Works of NER	0
what awards did the origin of the NER name get	0
nzd qwhat is the top job of NER County	0
what is the northeast of the Cities affected by NER	0
what is the mother of the predecessor of the predecessor of NER?	1
do you know where is the city of NER team	0
which sport does the title of the predecessor of NER play?	1
what religion does the participating NER Generals believe in?	0
do you know who is the founder of NER related stuff	0
what is the national system for flagging events established at a location in Garbeutnis NER?	1
do you know what kind of NER addition	0
what is the common language of the combatant of NER	0
who is the mother of Client of NER	0
do you know who is the predecessor of head of NER	0
Attorney and U.S. Senator from Mississippi (1797-1857) NER played where he died	0
who is the predecessors of The leader of NER	0
what is the level of management in Area covered by the NER region	1
do you know what is the South West of the NER Affected Cities	0
what is the title of the leader of the participating countries in the last battle of the Vietnam War NER?	0
who is the successor of the commander of NER?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the northwest of the north of NER utah, united states?	1
what do the creators of NER do?	0
what is the religion of the people who influence NER?	0
who is the successor to the previous generation of the successor to the NER, the seventh-generation smartphone released by Apple in 2013	1
do you know who will be the next The first of The title of NER	1
what is the title of the leader of NER	0
do you know who is the father of The leader of NER	0
what is the title of the descendants of NER	0
which religion does the eponym of NER belong to?	0
where is the location of NER? where is the city in the west?	1
where is the event that starts the user of NER located?	1
who is the successor of the predecessor of the premier of NER?	1
who is the predecessor of the product related to the Android smartphone model NER?	0
what is the occupation of the author of NER?	0
what is the battle of Election after NER	0
what is the religion of the origin of the name NER?	0
where did the predecessor of the candidate of NER study?	1
who are NER's parents?	0
where is the burial place of the leaders of the NER	0
who is the first the nickname of NER	0
what is the profession of the one that is after election of NER	0
what is the religion of the successor of NER?	0
what is the next term of the Parents of NER	0
what is the parts type of the location of the national team that NER belongs to?	1
where did the one that is after election of NER study?	0
what is the race of the person whose name is used to name the NER?	0
what offspring did NER's father have?	0
which title does the descendant of the regnet of NER own?	1
which place is called as the subdivision of the west of the north of NER?	1
what is the east of the archipelago that NER belongs to?	0
where is the controller of NER located?	0
do you know what is the manufacturer of NER-related things	0
do you know what is the specialty of Election after NER	0
where did the parent of NER study?	0
which place is called as the subdivision of the west of the city that NER lives in?	1
do you know what kind of manager is NER	0
do you know what is the organizational model of the municipal management of the Publication event of The stadium where the Bavarian NER took place?	1
which title does the combatant of NER belong to?	0
where is Election's death place after NER	0
what is the level of management at NER's Southeast Site	1
what is the basis for NER-related products or works?	0
who is the successor to NER-related products?	0
which type of subdivision does the north of the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the legislature of the leader of the former german principality NER	0
where did she die Next to NER	0
who lives in the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
where is the headquarters of NER's record label?	0
who is the owner of the successor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
do you know what belongs to NER related things	0
do you know what is the management level of the south of the south west of NER	1
who is the developer of the sponsor of NER?	0
what is the club in which The coach of The club of NER works?	1
what is the division of the administrative center of the area to which NER belongs?	1
who is the prime minister played by NER?	0
where are the heirs of The descendant of NER	0
what is the title of the children of NER?	0
who takes the place of the father of NER?	0
what is the canton of the chief town of NER	0
do you know where is the administration of La mer around the NER	0
what is the legislature of the province where NER is located?	0
who are the parents played by NER?	0
what is the nationality of the leader of NER?	0
A French state (as of March 2015) in which region is the main town of NER	0
who is the sponsor of NER starring	0
which type does the sponsor of NER belong to?	0
do you know what ethnicity belongs to The addition of NER	0
where is the northwest of the location of NER located?	1
do you know who is the head of the Western Location of NER	1
who was the originator of the name of the NER before?	0
what is the title of the commander of NER	0
do you know what kind of NER addition	0
where is the largest city with people, things and things with the same name as NER?	0
which school does the singer who participated in NER belong to?	0
where are the heirs of NER's father	0
what is the name of the administrative division of the province where the NER is located, un bergwerk in bosnien und herzegowina?	0
who is the next the father of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the coach of NER	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the province of NER	1
what is the post code type of the northwest of the home to NER?	1
do you know what type of The location of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what language does NER's province speak in?	0
which type does NER belong to's related products?	0
what is the club in which the name of NER works	0
what is the country region of the location in the northeast where a sports cricket match NER is held?	1
what is the title of the leader of Dutch tennis player NER's rise to fame?	0
where is the children of NER born?	0
where does the man who influenced NER work?	0
what time zone is the location in the northwest of NER's home ground?	1
do you know what is the area covered by the title of Effective President of NER	1
which dynasty does the regnet of the descendant of NER belong to?	1
which district does the chief town of NER belong to?	0
what is the next term of the coach of NER	0
who is the predecessor of the one who is alongside NER?/ who is the father of the one who is alongside NER?	0
where are the children of the french writer and playwright NER born	0
who did a job before the predecessor of the predecessor of NER?	1
what is the level of management in Area covered by the NER region	1
where are NER's famous works	0
which country is the winner of the NER election?	0
what does the one that is after election of NER do?	0
do you know what NER's Client product is	0
what is birth place of the descendant of the mother of NER?	1
what is the northern largest city in the NER united states?	0
do you know where the religion of Name of Administration of NER comes from	1
what happened to the person or thing related to the consequences of NER	0
what is Southwest in NER County australia?	0
what is established event at NER country	0
what is the timezong of the northwest of NER	0
NER, Roman Emperor (178-238), who was the predecessor he played	0
who was influenced by the person or thing with the same name as NER	0
which institution does NER's alma mater belong to?	0
where is the ancestry of the candidate of the constituency of NER from?	1
do you know where the religion of Successor of The title of NER	1
what lies on the northeast of the west of the location of NER?	1
where is the predecessor of the predecessor of NER buried?	1
where is the birthplace of Election after NER	0
who legislates in the country where the Danish independent video game developer and publisher NER is based?	0
which countries are in NER whose events participated in the war	0
who is the leader of NER?	0
what kind of people are affected by an NER	0
what is the name of the alma mater of NER's candidate for successor?	1
what is the legislature of the legislature of the position of a sports game NER	1
who is the next successor to the next generation of the seventh king of Egypt's seventeenth dynasty, NER, in the second intermediate period?	1
who led NER's famous work	0
do you know what religion believes The winner of NER	0
what titles did the previous generation of descendants of NER have?	1
where is the one that is after election of NER located?	0
what is the office of the successor of the candidate of NER?	1
what is the zoning of the location in the southeast of NER's home field for the college basketball season?	1
what is the predecessor of the general of NER?	0
NER what type of work is he known for?	0
what is the largest city in the Province where the NER is located	0
do you know what is the type of zoning in La mer around the NER	0
where is the Zone region covered by the NER location	1
what is the title of the event happened in NER?	0
what is the region of the county that NER belongs to?	0
what is the leading of the event happened in NER?	0
A market town and commoner parish in the Valley of the White Horse, Oxfordshire, England, where is the west of the county of NER?	0
where is the location of the NER User's first event	1
what is the ending of the country that is affected by NER?	0
which label does the artist who sings for NER work for?	0
what causes the event involved in NER?	0
what is the South East Location of NER National Team	1
what is the nationality of the author of NER	0
NER whose location was established as a sign of who led the event	1
what is the area covered by the sea around the NER	0
what division does the city in the north belong to for the location of the football team for a season NER?	1
which timezone does the northwest of the city that NER lives in belong to?	1
who is the producer of NER's famous works?	0
what is the timezong of the southeast of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
what is the sport of NER related events?	0
what dynasty belonged to the legislature of the state of the Crusader state NER formed by the Teutonic Knights during the Northern Crusades in the 13th century	1
A city in Cage County, Utah, United States, the location in the north of NER, the location in the southwest, which time zone it belongs to	1
do you know what is the nickname of Alma mater of NER	0
do you know who was the the person whose name is used to appoint NER before	0
where the person whose name was used to name NER died	0
who is the successor of Generals of NER participants?	0
which type does the location of the stadium that NER takes place belong to?	1
what is the level of management at the Northern Site of NER	1
who is the successor of the successor of the candidate of NER	1
who developed the car that NER is related to?	0
which type of subdivision does the north of the location of NER belong to?	1
what is the death place of the commander of NER?	0
what is the subdivision name of the north of the location of NER	1
who is the president of the NER Client	0
what is the subdivision type of the northwest of NER spain?	0
what is the current club of the name included in the NER	0
do you know where NER's eponymous alma mater is	0
where is the alma mater of NER located?	0
who is the wife of NER's name	0
what is the name of the administrative division of South of Northwestern NER utah, united states?	1
which division does NER's largest city belong to?	0
which label does the author of NER belong to?	0
which timezone does the northwest of the southwest of NER belong to?	1
who led the legislature where NER died	1
who is the predecessors of Husband of The Question of NER	1
do you know who the generals involved in the NER name are	0
which series does NER-related products belong to?	0
which religion do the generals of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps NER believe in?	0
do you know where is the birthplace of Election after NER	0
which type of subdivision does the east of the death place of NER belong to?	1
what is the subdivision name of the location of the north of NER spain?	1
which affiliation does the name included in the NER belong to?	0
what is the rank of NER's election winner?	0
what is the previous generation of NER's election winner?	0
do you know where is the borough of East of The stadium where the NER took place?	1
what is the name of the leader of the location of the western location for the location of the football team for a season NER?	1
where is the capital of Master of NER verenigde staten van amerika?	0
which state does the one that is after election of NER belong to?	0
do you know what time zone uses Area covered by the NER district	1
which title does the successor of NER belong to?	0
where are the candidates for NER's successor?	1
do you know where is the address of Tenants of NER location	1
who is the wife of the head of NER	0
who is the NER's election winner loyal to?	0
which timezone does the southwest of the northwest of NER utah, united states, belong to?	1
what is the timezong of the south of the southwest of NER?	1
where is the title of Election after NER	0
where was walner's election winner born	0
who is the agent of The head of NER	0
where was the birthplace of NER's last origin?	1
where is the sponsor of NER located?	0
do you know who is the heir of The front of The question of NER	1
what is the previous generation of NER's leaders	0
who legislates about the person or thing related to the outcome of the war NER	0
what is the major of the father (mother) of the Malaysian politician NER	0
do you know who will be the next The first of The title of NER	1
what is the region of the northeast of the venue that NER is held?	1
what dynasty does The Life of NER World Day Place belong to?	1
what is the canton of the north of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
where does the information source of the largest city of NER come from?	0
do you know where is the burial place of Successor of The question of NER	1
what is the name of the ocean in the west of the location south of NER in the Kowloon City Council constituency of Hong Kong?	0
what is west in NER County oxfordshire, england?	0
where is the title of The front of The question of NER	1
which country does the education place of the candidate of NER belong to?	1
where is the one that is after election of NER located?	0
which district is the mayor of NER from?	0
do you know which stadium hosts the Tenants of The stadium where the NER took place	1
what dynasty does NER's Life of Place belong to?	1
what city is NER's alma mater?	0
do you know where is the title of Next to NER	0
what is it, West of NER Affected Cities	0
do you know what the problem of The Descendant of NER is	0
who is earlier than the one who is alongside NER?	0
In NER to which time zone does its northwestern part belong	0
What's the latest show from NER-related stuff	0
NER what is the region of the province where it is located?	0
who starred in the writings of Thai actor NER	0
where does NER occur related events?	0
who leads the one that is after election of NER?	0
in which area does the Canadian Highway NER belong to?	0
do you know what the eponymous era of NER is?	0
who is the predecessor of the descendant of NER, the consort of the queen of ancient Egypt	0
NER's location established flag event who led the event	1
do you know what is the management level of West of South East of NER	1
who lives in the predecessor of the stadium that NER takes place?	1
who is the next person whose name is used to name the Sputnik floor plan NER?	0
which instrument does the author of NER play?	0
what is the leader title of the location province of NER?	0
what lies in the west of the largest city of NER?	0
who is the predecessor of the source of the NER name?	0
where is the capital (or capital) of the province where NER is located	0
what is the title of the author of NER?	0
do you know which party belongs to The leader of NER	0
where are the tenants of the NER's venue?	1
what is the rank of Election after NER?	0
where is the administrative center of the archipelago where NER is located	0
what is the name of the administrative division of NER South Site	1
what is the job of the singer of NER	0
what is the title of the author of NER?	0
where is the city in the north of NER's host?	1
who will legislate next for NER's successor	1
what is the currency of the country that is affected by NER?	0
NER's Election Winner Who's Child	0
what is the language that is commonly used by the event happened in NER hong kong?	0
who is the first person to hold the title of NER?	1
